.\" $XConsortium: xlscli.man /main/10 1996/12/09 17:09:52 kaleb $
.\" Copyright (c) 1991, 1994  X Consortium
.\" 
.\" Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
.\" a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
.\" "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
.\" without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
.\" distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
.\" permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
.\" the following conditions:
.\" 
.\" The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
.\" in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.\" 
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
.\" OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
.\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE X CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
.\" OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
.\" ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
.\" OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
.\" 
.\" Except as contained in this notice, the name of the X Consortium shall
.\" not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or
.\" other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization
.\" from the X Consortium.
.TH XLSCLIENTS 1 "Release 6.3" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
xlsclients - list client applications running on a display
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "xlsclients"
[-display \fIdisplayname\fP] [-a] [-l] [-m maxcmdlen]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.I Xlsclients
is a utility for listing information about the client applications 
running on a display.  It may be used to generate scripts representing
a snapshot of the user's current session.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 8
.B \-display \fIdisplayname\fP
This option specifies the X server to contact.
.TP 8
.B \-a
This option indicates that clients on all screens should be listed.  By 
default, only those clients on the default screen are listed.
.TP 8
.B \-l
List in long format, giving the window name, icon name,
and class hints in addition to the machine name and command string shown in
the default format.
.TP 8
.B \-m \fImaxcmdlen\fP
This option specifies the maximum number of characters in a command to 
print out.  The default is 10000.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.PP
.TP 8
.B DISPLAY
To get the default host, display number, and screen.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
X(1), xwininfo(1), xprop(1)
.SH AUTHOR
Jim Fulton, MIT X Consortium
