.TH ACE_SOCK_CODgram 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_SOCK_CODgram \- Defines the member functions for the \fBACE_SOCK\fR connected datagram abstraction. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <SOCK_CODgram.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_SOCK_IO\fR.
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_LSOCK_CODgram\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_SOCK_CODgram\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_SOCK_CODgram\fR (const \fBACE_Addr\fR &remote_sap, const \fBACE_Addr\fR &local_sap = \fBACE_Addr::sap_any\fR, int protocol_family = PF_INET, int protocol = 0, int reuse_addr = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_SOCK_CODgram\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault dtor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopen\fR (const \fBACE_Addr\fR &remote_sap, const \fBACE_Addr\fR &local_sap = \fBACE_Addr::sap_any\fR, int protocol_family = PF_INET, int protocol = 0, int reuse_addr = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitiate a connected dgram.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Defines the member functions for the \fBACE_SOCK\fR connected datagram abstraction.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_SOCK_CODgram::ACE_SOCK_CODgram (void)
.PP
Default constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_SOCK_CODgram::ACE_SOCK_CODgram (const \fBACE_Addr\fR & remote_sap, const \fBACE_Addr\fR & local_sap = \fBACE_Addr::sap_any\fR, int protocol_family = PF_INET, int protocol = 0, int reuse_addr = 0)
.PP
.SS ACE_SOCK_CODgram::~ACE_SOCK_CODgram (void)
.PP
Default dtor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_SOCK_CODgram::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_SOCK_IO\fR.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_LSOCK_CODgram\fR.
.SS int ACE_SOCK_CODgram::open (const \fBACE_Addr\fR & remote_sap, const \fBACE_Addr\fR & local_sap = \fBACE_Addr::sap_any\fR, int protocol_family = PF_INET, int protocol = 0, int reuse_addr = 0)
.PP
Initiate a connected dgram.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_SOCK_CODgram::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_SOCK_IO\fR.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_LSOCK_CODgram\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.