.TH ACE_Asynch_Transmit_File::Result 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Asynch_Transmit_File::Result \- This is that class which will be passed back to the <handler> when the asynchronous transmit file completes. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Asynch_IO.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Asynch_Result\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBsocket\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fISocket used for transmitting the file.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBfile\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIFile from which the data is read.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBHeader_And_Trailer\fR* \fBheader_and_trailer\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIHeader and trailer data associated with this transmit file.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBbytes_to_write\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIThe number of bytes which were requested at the start of the asynchronous transmit file.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBbytes_per_send\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fINumber of bytes per send requested at the start of the transmit file.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBflags\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIFlags which were passed into transmit file.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Asynch_Transmit_File_Result_Impl\fR* \fBimplementation\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the implementation class.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBResult\fR (\fBACE_Asynch_Transmit_File_Result_Impl\fR *implementation)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Result\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Asynch_Transmit_File_Result_Impl\fR* \fBimplementation_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe implementation class.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Transmit_File_Result\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Transmit_File_Result\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This is that class which will be passed back to the <handler> when the asynchronous transmit file completes.
.PP
.PP
 This class has all the information necessary for the <handler> to uniquiely identify the completion of the asynchronous transmit file. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Asynch_Transmit_File::Result::Result (\fBACE_Asynch_Transmit_File_Result_Impl\fR * implementation)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Asynch_Transmit_File::Result::~Result (void)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS u_long ACE_Asynch_Transmit_File::Result::bytes_per_send (void) const
.PP
Number of bytes per send requested at the start of the transmit file.
.PP
.SS u_long ACE_Asynch_Transmit_File::Result::bytes_to_write (void) const
.PP
The number of bytes which were requested at the start of the asynchronous transmit file.
.PP
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_Asynch_Transmit_File::Result::file (void) const
.PP
File from which the data is read.
.PP
.SS u_long ACE_Asynch_Transmit_File::Result::flags (void) const
.PP
Flags which were passed into transmit file.
.PP
.SS \fBHeader_And_Trailer\fR * ACE_Asynch_Transmit_File::Result::header_and_trailer (void) const
.PP
Header and trailer data associated with this transmit file.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Asynch_Transmit_File_Result_Impl\fR * ACE_Asynch_Transmit_File::Result::implementation (void) const
.PP
Get the implementation class.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Asynch_Result\fR.
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_Asynch_Transmit_File::Result::socket (void) const
.PP
Socket used for transmitting the file.
.PP
.SH FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS class ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Transmit_File_Result\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
The concrete implementation result classes only construct this class.
.PP
.SS class ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Transmit_File_Result\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_Asynch_Transmit_File_Result_Impl\fR * ACE_Asynch_Transmit_File::Result::implementation_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
The implementation class.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Asynch_Result\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.