.TH ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository_Iterator 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository_Iterator \- Iterate through the . 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Select_Reactor_Base.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository_Iterator\fR (const \fBACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository\fR *s)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository_Iterator\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIdtor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnext\fR (\fBACE_Event_Handler\fR *&next_item)"
.br
.RI "\fIPass back the <next_item> that hasn't been seen in the Set. Returns 0 when all items have been seen, else 1.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdone\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns 1 when all items have been seen, else 0.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBadvance\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIMove forward by one element in the set. Returns 0 when all the items in the set have been seen, else 1.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository\fR* \fBrep_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIReference to the Handler_Repository we are iterating over.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBssize_t\fR \fBcurrent_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to the current iteration level.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Iterate through the .
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository_Iterator::ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository_Iterator (const \fBACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository\fR * s)
.PP
.SS ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository_Iterator::~ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository_Iterator (void)
.PP
dtor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository_Iterator::advance (void)
.PP
Move forward by one element in the set. Returns 0 when all the items in the set have been seen, else 1.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository_Iterator::done (void) const
.PP
Returns 1 when all items have been seen, else 0.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository_Iterator::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository_Iterator::next (\fBACE_Event_Handler\fR *& next_item)
.PP
Pass back the <next_item> that hasn't been seen in the Set. Returns 0 when all items have been seen, else 1.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository_Iterator::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
.SS \fBssize_t\fR ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository_Iterator::current_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Pointer to the current iteration level.
.PP
.SS const \fBACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository\fR * ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository_Iterator::rep_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Reference to the Handler_Repository we are iterating over.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.