.TH ACE_Buffered_Svc_Handler 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Buffered_Svc_Handler \- Defines the interface for a service that exchanges data with its connected peer and supports buffering. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Svc_Handler.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Svc_Handler< ACE_PEER_STREAM_2,ACE_SYNCH_USE >\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Buffered_Svc_Handler\fR (\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR *thr_mgr = 0, \fBACE_Message_Queue\fR<ACE_SYNCH_USE> *mq = 0, \fBACE_Reactor\fR *reactor = ACE_Reactor::instance (), size_t max_buffer_size = 0, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *relative_timeout = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Buffered_Svc_Handler\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor, which calls <flush>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBput\fR (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR *message_block, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBflush\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIFlush the , which writes all the queued s to the <PEER_STREAM>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBhandle_timeout\fR (\fBconst\fR \fBACE_Time_Value\fR &time, \fBconst\fR void *)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis method is not currently implemented -- this is where the integration with the <Reactor> would occur.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) \fBconst\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBmaximum_buffer_size_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIMaximum size the <Message_Queue> can be before we have to flush the buffer.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBcurrent_buffer_size_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fICurrent size in bytes of the <Message_Queue> contents.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Time_Value\fR \fBnext_timeout_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fITimeout value used to control when the buffer is flushed.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Time_Value\fR \fBinterval_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIInterval of the timeout.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Time_Value\fR* \fBtimeoutp_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fITimeout pointer.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<ACE_PEER_STREAM_1, ACE_SYNCH_DECL>  template class ACE_Buffered_Svc_Handler
Defines the interface for a service that exchanges data with its connected peer and supports buffering.
.PP
.PP
 The buffering feature makes it possible to queue up  in an  until (1) the queue is "full" or (2) a period of time elapses, at which point the queue is "flushed" via <sendv_n> to the peer. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<ACE_PEER_STREAM_1, ACE_SYNCH_DECL> ACE_Buffered_Svc_Handler<, >::ACE_Buffered_Svc_Handler<, > (\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR * thr_mgr = 0, \fBACE_Message_Queue\fR< ACE_SYNCH_USE >* mq = 0, \fBACE_Reactor\fR * reactor = ACE_Reactor::instance (), size_t max_buffer_size = 0, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * relative_timeout = 0)
.PP
Constructor initializes the <thr_mgr> and <mq> by passing them down to the  base class. The <reactor> is passed to the . The <max_buffer_size> and <relative_timeout> are used to determine at what point to flush the <mq>. By default, there's no buffering at all. The <relative_timeout> value is interpreted to be in a unit that's relative to the current time returned by . 
.SS template<ACE_PEER_STREAM_1, ACE_SYNCH_DECL> ACE_Buffered_Svc_Handler<, >::~ACE_Buffered_Svc_Handler<, > (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Destructor, which calls <flush>.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<ACE_PEER_STREAM_1, ACE_SYNCH_DECL> void ACE_Buffered_Svc_Handler<, >::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Svc_Handler\fR.
.SS template<ACE_PEER_STREAM_1, ACE_SYNCH_DECL> int ACE_Buffered_Svc_Handler<, >::flush (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Flush the , which writes all the queued s to the <PEER_STREAM>.
.PP
.SS template<ACE_PEER_STREAM_1, ACE_SYNCH_DECL> int ACE_Buffered_Svc_Handler<, >::handle_timeout (\fBconst\fR \fBACE_Time_Value\fR & time, \fBconst\fR void * arg)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
This method is not currently implemented -- this is where the integration with the <Reactor> would occur.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Svc_Handler\fR.
.SS template<ACE_PEER_STREAM_1, ACE_SYNCH_DECL> int ACE_Buffered_Svc_Handler<, >::put (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR * message_block, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Insert the  chain rooted at <message_block> into the  with the designated <timeout>. The <flush> method will be called if this <put> causes the number of bytes to exceed the maximum buffer size or if the timeout period has elapsed. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Task_Base\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<ACE_PEER_STREAM_1, ACE_SYNCH_DECL> size_t ACE_Buffered_Svc_Handler<, >::current_buffer_size_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Current size in bytes of the <Message_Queue> contents.
.PP
.SS template<ACE_PEER_STREAM_1, ACE_SYNCH_DECL> \fBACE_Time_Value\fR ACE_Buffered_Svc_Handler<, >::interval_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Interval of the timeout.
.PP
.SS template<ACE_PEER_STREAM_1, ACE_SYNCH_DECL> size_t ACE_Buffered_Svc_Handler<, >::maximum_buffer_size_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Maximum size the <Message_Queue> can be before we have to flush the buffer.
.PP
.SS template<ACE_PEER_STREAM_1, ACE_SYNCH_DECL> \fBACE_Time_Value\fR ACE_Buffered_Svc_Handler<, >::next_timeout_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Timeout value used to control when the buffer is flushed.
.PP
.SS template<ACE_PEER_STREAM_1, ACE_SYNCH_DECL> \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * ACE_Buffered_Svc_Handler<, >::timeoutp_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Timeout pointer.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.