.TH ACE_Section_Key_Internal 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Section_Key_Internal \- A base class for internal handles to section keys for configuration implementations. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Configuration.h>\fR
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_Configuration_Section_Key_Heap\fR, and \fBACE_Section_Key_Win32\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Section_Key_Internal\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIVirtual destructor, make sure descendants are virtual!\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBadd_ref\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIIncrement reference count.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBdec_ref\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDecrement reference count. Will delete this if count gets to 0.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Section_Key_Internal\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Section_Key_Internal\fR (const ACE_Section_Key_Internal& rhs)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Section_Key_Internal& \fBoperator=\fR (ACE_Section_Key_Internal& rhs)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "u_int \fBref_count_\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
A base class for internal handles to section keys for configuration implementations.
.PP
.PP
 Implementations subclass this base class to represent a section key. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Section_Key_Internal::~ACE_Section_Key_Internal (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Virtual destructor, make sure descendants are virtual!
.PP
.SS ACE_Section_Key_Internal::ACE_Section_Key_Internal (void)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
.SS ACE_Section_Key_Internal::ACE_Section_Key_Internal (const ACE_Section_Key_Internal & rhs)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Section_Key_Internal::add_ref (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Increment reference count.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Section_Key_Internal::dec_ref (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Decrement reference count. Will delete this if count gets to 0.
.PP
.SS ACE_Section_Key_Internal& ACE_Section_Key_Internal::operator= (ACE_Section_Key_Internal & rhs)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS u_int ACE_Section_Key_Internal::ref_count_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.