.TH ACE_DEV 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_DEV \- Defines the member functions for the base class of the ACE_DEV abstraction. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <DEV.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_IO_SAP\fR.
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_DEV_IO\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBclose\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIClose down the DEVICE.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdisable\fR (int signum) const"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_DEV\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIEnsure that this class is an abstract base class.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Defines the member functions for the base class of the ACE_DEV abstraction.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_DEV::ACE_DEV (void)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Ensure that this class is an abstract base class.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_DEV::close (void)
.PP
Close down the DEVICE.
.PP
.SS int ACE_DEV::disable (int signum) const
.PP
Disable signal <signum> This is here to prevent Win32 from disabling SPIPE using socket calls 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_IO_SAP\fR.
.SS void ACE_DEV::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_IO_SAP\fR.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_DEV_IO\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_DEV::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_IO_SAP\fR.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_DEV_IO\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.