.TH ACE_FIFO_Caching_Strategy 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_FIFO_Caching_Strategy \- The First In First Out strategy is implemented wherein each item is ordered. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Caching_Strategies_T.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef ATTRIBUTES \fBCACHING_ATTRIBUTES\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_FIFO_Caching_Strategy\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ATTRIBUTES \fBattributes\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIAccessor method.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBpurge_percent\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBpurge_percent\fR (double percentage)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnotify_bind\fR (int result, const ATTRIBUTES &attr)"
.br
.RI "\fINotification for an item getting bound into the cache.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnotify_find\fR (int result, ATTRIBUTES &attr)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis method acts as a notification about the CONTAINERs find method call.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnotify_unbind\fR (int result, const ATTRIBUTES &attr)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis method acts as a notification about the CONTAINERs unbind method call.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnotify_trybind\fR (int result, ATTRIBUTES &attr)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis method acts as a notification about the CONTAINERs trybind method call.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnotify_rebind\fR (int result, const ATTRIBUTES &attr)"
.br
.RI "\fINotification for an item getting bound again into the cache.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "CACHING_UTILITY& \fBcaching_utility\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIPurge the cache.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDumps the state of the object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ATTRIBUTES \fBorder_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe order is the deciding factor for the item to be removed from the cache.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBpurge_percent_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe level about which the purging will happen automagically.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "CACHING_UTILITY \fBcaching_utility_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is the helper class which will decide and expunge entries from the cache.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class ATTRIBUTES, class CACHING_UTILITY>  template class ACE_FIFO_Caching_Strategy
The First In First Out strategy is implemented wherein each item is ordered.
.PP
.PP
 The order tag of each item is used to decide the item to be removed from the cache. The items with least order are removed. Explanation of the template parameter list: CONTAINER is any map with entries of type <KEY, VALUE>. The ATTRIBUTES are the deciding factor for purging of entries and should logically be included with the VALUE. Some ways of doing this are: As being a member of the VALUE or VALUE being \fBACE_Pair\fR<x, ATTRIBUTES>. The CACHING_UTILITY is the class which can be plugged in and which decides the entries to purge. 
.PP
.SH MEMBER TYPEDEF DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> typedef ATTRIBUTES ACE_FIFO_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::CACHING_ATTRIBUTES
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> ACE_FIFO_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::ACE_FIFO_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY> (void)
.PP
The <container> is the map in which the entries reside. The timer attribute is initialed to zero in this constructor. And the <purge_percent> field denotes the percentage of the entries in the cache which can be purged automagically and by default is set to 10%. 
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> ATTRIBUTES ACE_FIFO_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::attributes (void)
.PP
Accessor method.
.PP
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> CACHING_UTILITY & ACE_FIFO_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::caching_utility (void)
.PP
Purge the cache.
.PP
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> void ACE_FIFO_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::dump (void) const
.PP
Dumps the state of the object.
.PP
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> int ACE_FIFO_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::notify_bind (int result, const ATTRIBUTES & attr)
.PP
Notification for an item getting bound into the cache.
.PP
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> int ACE_FIFO_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::notify_find (int result, ATTRIBUTES & attr)
.PP
This method acts as a notification about the CONTAINERs find method call.
.PP
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> int ACE_FIFO_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::notify_rebind (int result, const ATTRIBUTES & attr)
.PP
Notification for an item getting bound again into the cache.
.PP
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> int ACE_FIFO_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::notify_trybind (int result, ATTRIBUTES & attr)
.PP
This method acts as a notification about the CONTAINERs trybind method call.
.PP
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> int ACE_FIFO_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::notify_unbind (int result, const ATTRIBUTES & attr)
.PP
This method acts as a notification about the CONTAINERs unbind method call.
.PP
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> void ACE_FIFO_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::purge_percent (double percentage)
.PP
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> double ACE_FIFO_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::purge_percent (void)
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> CACHING_UTILITY ACE_FIFO_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::caching_utility_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
This is the helper class which will decide and expunge entries from the cache.
.PP
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> ATTRIBUTES ACE_FIFO_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::order_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
The order is the deciding factor for the item to be removed from the cache.
.PP
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> double ACE_FIFO_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::purge_percent_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
The level about which the purging will happen automagically.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.