.TH ACE_SPIPE_Acceptor 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_SPIPE_Acceptor \- Defines the format and interface for the listener side of the \fBACE_SPIPE_Stream\fR. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <SPIPE_Acceptor.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_SPIPE\fR.
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_UPIPE_Acceptor\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBACE_SPIPE_Addr\fR \fBPEER_ADDR\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBACE_SPIPE_Stream\fR \fBPEER_STREAM\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_SPIPE_Acceptor\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_SPIPE_Acceptor\fR (const \fBACE_SPIPE_Addr\fR &local_sap, int reuse_addr = 1, int perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitiate a passive-mode \fBSTREAM\fR pipe listener.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopen\fR (const \fBACE_SPIPE_Addr\fR &local_sap, int reuse_addr = 1, int perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitiate a passive-mode \fBSTREAM\fR pipe listener.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBclose\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIClose down the passive-mode \fBSTREAM\fR pipe listener.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBremove\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove the underlying mounted pipe from the file system.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBaccept\fR (\fBACE_SPIPE_Stream\fR &ipc_sap_spipe, \fBACE_SPIPE_Addr\fR *remote_addr = 0, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0, int restart = 1, int reset_new_handle = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcreate_new_instance\fR (int perms = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a new instance of an SPIPE.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Defines the format and interface for the listener side of the \fBACE_SPIPE_Stream\fR.
.PP
.SH MEMBER TYPEDEF DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS typedef \fBACE_SPIPE_Addr\fR ACE_SPIPE_Acceptor::PEER_ADDR
.PP
.SS typedef \fBACE_SPIPE_Stream\fR ACE_SPIPE_Acceptor::PEER_STREAM
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_SPIPE_Acceptor::ACE_SPIPE_Acceptor (void)
.PP
Default constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_SPIPE_Acceptor::ACE_SPIPE_Acceptor (const \fBACE_SPIPE_Addr\fR & local_sap, int reuse_addr = 1, int perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS)
.PP
Initiate a passive-mode \fBSTREAM\fR pipe listener.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_SPIPE_Acceptor::accept (\fBACE_SPIPE_Stream\fR & ipc_sap_spipe, \fBACE_SPIPE_Addr\fR * remote_addr = 0, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0, int restart = 1, int reset_new_handle = 0)
.PP
Accept a new data transfer connection. A <timeout> of 0 means block forever, a <timeout> of {0, 0} means poll. <restart> == 1 means "restart if interrupted." 
.SS int ACE_SPIPE_Acceptor::close (void)
.PP
Close down the passive-mode \fBSTREAM\fR pipe listener.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_SPIPE\fR.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_UPIPE_Acceptor\fR.
.SS int ACE_SPIPE_Acceptor::create_new_instance (int perms = 0)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Create a new instance of an SPIPE.
.PP
.SS void ACE_SPIPE_Acceptor::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_SPIPE\fR.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_UPIPE_Acceptor\fR.
.SS int ACE_SPIPE_Acceptor::open (const \fBACE_SPIPE_Addr\fR & local_sap, int reuse_addr = 1, int perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS)
.PP
Initiate a passive-mode \fBSTREAM\fR pipe listener.
.PP
.SS int ACE_SPIPE_Acceptor::remove (void)
.PP
Remove the underlying mounted pipe from the file system.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_SPIPE\fR.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_UPIPE_Acceptor\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_SPIPE_Acceptor::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_SPIPE\fR.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_UPIPE_Acceptor\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.