.TH ACE_Asynch_Accept 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Asynch_Accept \- This class is a factory for starting off asynchronous accepts on a listen handle. This class forwards all methods to its implementation class. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Asynch_IO.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Asynch_Operation\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Asynch_Accept\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIA do nothing constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Asynch_Accept\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopen\fR (\fBACE_Handler\fR &handler, ACE_HANDLE handle = ACE_INVALID_HANDLE, const void *completion_key = 0, \fBACE_Proactor\fR *proactor = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBaccept\fR (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR &message_block, u_long bytes_to_read, ACE_HANDLE accept_handle = ACE_INVALID_HANDLE, const void *act = 0, int priority = 0, int signal_number = ACE_SIGRTMIN)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Asynch_Accept_Impl\fR* \fBimplementation\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the underlying implementation class.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBimplementation\fR (\fBACE_Asynch_Accept_Impl\fR *implementation)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the implementation class.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Asynch_Accept_Impl\fR* \fBimplementation_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDelegation/implementation class that all methods will be forwarded to.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This class is a factory for starting off asynchronous accepts on a listen handle. This class forwards all methods to its implementation class.
.PP
.PP
 Once <open> is called, multiple asynchronous s can started using this class. A \fBACE_Asynch_Accept::Result\fR will be passed back to the <handler> when the asynchronous accept completes through the  callback. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Asynch_Accept::ACE_Asynch_Accept (void)
.PP
A do nothing constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Asynch_Accept::~ACE_Asynch_Accept (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Asynch_Accept::accept (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR & message_block, u_long bytes_to_read, ACE_HANDLE accept_handle = ACE_INVALID_HANDLE, const void * act = 0, int priority = 0, int signal_number = ACE_SIGRTMIN)
.PP
This starts off an asynchronous accept. The asynchronous accept call also allows any initial data to be returned to the <handler>. Upto <bytes_to_read> will be read and stored in the <message_block>. The  will be used for the  call. If ( == INVALID_HANDLE), a new handle will be created. Priority of the operation is specified by <priority>. On POSIX4-Unix, this is supported. Works like <nice> in Unix. Negative values are not allowed. 0 means priority of the operation same as the process priority. 1 means priority of the operation is one less than process. And so forth. On Win32, this is a no-op.
.PP
<message_block> must be specified. This is because the address of the new connection is placed at the end of this buffer. <signal_number> is the POSIX4 real-time signal number to be used for the operation. <signal_number> ranges from ACE_SIGRTMIN to ACE_SIGRTMAX. This argument is a no-op on non-POSIX4 systems. 
.SS void ACE_Asynch_Accept::implementation (\fBACE_Asynch_Accept_Impl\fR * implementation)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Set the implementation class.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Asynch_Accept_Impl\fR * ACE_Asynch_Accept::implementation (void) const
.PP
Return the underlying implementation class.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Asynch_Operation\fR.
.SS int ACE_Asynch_Accept::open (\fBACE_Handler\fR & handler, ACE_HANDLE handle = ACE_INVALID_HANDLE, const void * completion_key = 0, \fBACE_Proactor\fR * proactor = 0)
.PP
Initializes the factory with information which will be used with each asynchronous call. If (<handle> == ACE_INVALID_HANDLE),  will be called on the <handler> to get the correct handle. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Asynch_Operation\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_Asynch_Accept_Impl\fR * ACE_Asynch_Accept::implementation_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Delegation/implementation class that all methods will be forwarded to.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Asynch_Operation\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.