.TH ACE_Configuration_Section_IntId 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Configuration_Section_IntId \- The internal ID for a section hash table. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Configuration.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Configuration_Section_IntId\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIdefault ctor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_EXPLICIT \fBACE_Configuration_Section_IntId\fR (\fBVALUE_MAP\fR* value_hash_map, \fBSUBSECTION_MAP\fR* section_hash_map)"
.br
.RI "\fInamed ctor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Configuration_Section_IntId\fR (const ACE_Configuration_Section_IntId& rhs)"
.br
.RI "\fIcopy ctor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Configuration_Section_IntId\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIdestructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Configuration_Section_IntId& \fBoperator=\fR ( const ACE_Configuration_Section_IntId& rhs)"
.br
.RI "\fIasignment operator.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBfree\fR (\fBACE_Allocator\fR *alloc)"
.br
.RI "\fIfrees the hash table and all its values.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVALUE_MAP\fR* \fBvalue_hash_map_\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSUBSECTION_MAP\fR* \fBsection_hash_map_\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
The internal ID for a section hash table.
.PP
.PP
 Contains a hash table containing value name/values 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Configuration_Section_IntId::ACE_Configuration_Section_IntId (void)
.PP
default ctor.
.PP
.SS ACE_EXPLICIT ACE_Configuration_Section_IntId::ACE_Configuration_Section_IntId (\fBVALUE_MAP\fR * value_hash_map, \fBSUBSECTION_MAP\fR * section_hash_map)
.PP
named ctor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Configuration_Section_IntId::ACE_Configuration_Section_IntId (const ACE_Configuration_Section_IntId & rhs)
.PP
copy ctor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Configuration_Section_IntId::~ACE_Configuration_Section_IntId (void)
.PP
destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_Configuration_Section_IntId::free (\fBACE_Allocator\fR * alloc)
.PP
frees the hash table and all its values.
.PP
.SS ACE_Configuration_Section_IntId & ACE_Configuration_Section_IntId::operator= (const ACE_Configuration_Section_IntId & rhs)
.PP
asignment operator.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBSUBSECTION_MAP\fR * ACE_Configuration_Section_IntId::section_hash_map_
.PP
.SS \fBVALUE_MAP\fR * ACE_Configuration_Section_IntId::value_hash_map_
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.