.TH ACE_Creation_Strategy 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Creation_Strategy \- Defines the interface for specifying a creation strategy for a SVC_HANDLER. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Strategies_T.h>\fR
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_DLL_Strategy\fR, \fBACE_NOOP_Creation_Strategy\fR, and \fBACE_Singleton_Strategy\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Creation_Strategy\fR (\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR * = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopen\fR (\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR * = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIA <Thread_Manager> is useful when creating active objects.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Creation_Strategy\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBmake_svc_handler\fR (SVC_HANDLER *&sh)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR* \fBthr_mgr_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to a thread manager.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class SVC_HANDLER>  template class ACE_Creation_Strategy
Defines the interface for specifying a creation strategy for a SVC_HANDLER.
.PP
.PP
 The default behavior is to make a new SVC_HANDLER. However, subclasses can override this strategy to perform SVC_HANDLER creation in any way that they like (such as creating subclass instances of SVC_HANDLER, using a singleton, dynamically linking the handler, etc.). 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> ACE_Creation_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::ACE_Creation_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER> (\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR * = 0)
.PP
Default constructor.
.PP
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> virtual ACE_Creation_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::~ACE_Creation_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER> (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> void ACE_Creation_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Singleton_Strategy\fR, and \fBACE_DLL_Strategy\fR.
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> int ACE_Creation_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::make_svc_handler (SVC_HANDLER *& sh)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Create a SVC_HANDLER with the appropriate creation strategy. The default behavior of this method is to make a new <SVC_HANDLER> if <sh> == 0 (passing in the <Thread_Manager>), else <sh> is unchanged. Returns -1 on failure, else 0. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Singleton_Strategy\fR, \fBACE_DLL_Strategy\fR, and \fBACE_NOOP_Creation_Strategy\fR.
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> int ACE_Creation_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::open (\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR * = 0)
.PP
A <Thread_Manager> is useful when creating active objects.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> ACE_Creation_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Singleton_Strategy\fR, and \fBACE_DLL_Strategy\fR.
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> \fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR * ACE_Creation_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::thr_mgr_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Pointer to a thread manager.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.