.TH ACE_Config_ImpExp_Base 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Config_ImpExp_Base \- Base class for file import/export configuration. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Configuration_Import_Export.h>\fR
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_Ini_ImpExp\fR, and \fBACE_Registry_ImpExp\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Config_ImpExp_Base\fR (\fBACE_Configuration\fR& config)"
.br
.RI "\fIctor taking the \fBACE_Configuration\fR to import/export to.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Config_ImpExp_Base\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBimport_config\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR* filename) = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBexport_config\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR* filename) = 0"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Configuration\fR& \fBconfig_\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Config_ImpExp_Base\fR (const ACE_Config_ImpExp_Base&)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Config_ImpExp_Base& \fBoperator=\fR (const ACE_Config_ImpExp_Base&)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Base class for file import/export configuration.
.PP
.PP
 This class provides base functionality for configuration objects that are persisted in files. It takes an \fBACE_Configuration\fR object that it populates with the data read. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Config_ImpExp_Base::ACE_Config_ImpExp_Base (\fBACE_Configuration\fR & config)
.PP
ctor taking the \fBACE_Configuration\fR to import/export to.
.PP
.SS ACE_Config_ImpExp_Base::~ACE_Config_ImpExp_Base (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Destructor 
.SS ACE_Config_ImpExp_Base::ACE_Config_ImpExp_Base (const ACE_Config_ImpExp_Base &)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Config_ImpExp_Base::export_config (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * filename)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
This method exports the entire configuration database to <filename>. Once the file is opened this method calls 'export_section' passing  the root section. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Registry_ImpExp\fR, and \fBACE_Ini_ImpExp\fR.
.SS int ACE_Config_ImpExp_Base::import_config (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * filename)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
Imports the configuration database from filename.  No existing data is removed. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Registry_ImpExp\fR, and \fBACE_Ini_ImpExp\fR.
.SS ACE_Config_ImpExp_Base& ACE_Config_ImpExp_Base::operator= (const ACE_Config_ImpExp_Base &)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_Configuration\fR & ACE_Config_ImpExp_Base::config_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.