.TH ACE_Cleanup_Adapter 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Cleanup_Adapter \- Adapter for \fBACE_Cleanup\fR objects that allows them to be readily managed by the \fBACE_Object_Manager\fR. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Managed_Object.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Cleanup\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Cleanup_Adapter\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Cleanup_Adapter\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIVirtual destructor, needed by some compilers for vtable placement.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "TYPE& \fBobject\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIAccessor for contained object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Cleanup_Adapter\fR (const ACE_Cleanup_Adapter<TYPE> &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator=\fR (const ACE_Cleanup_Adapter<TYPE> &)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "TYPE \fBobject_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIContained object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class TYPE>  template class ACE_Cleanup_Adapter
Adapter for \fBACE_Cleanup\fR objects that allows them to be readily managed by the \fBACE_Object_Manager\fR.
.PP
.PP
 This template class adapts an object of any type to be an \fBACE_Cleanup\fR object. The object can then be destroyed type-safely by the \fBACE_Object_Manager\fR. This class is typically used to replace a cast; but, it's a bit cleaner and allows insertion of, say, run-time type identification internally if desired. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classTYPE> ACE_Cleanup_Adapter<TYPE>::ACE_Cleanup_Adapter<TYPE> (void)
.PP
Default constructor.
.PP
.SS template<classTYPE> ACE_Cleanup_Adapter<TYPE>::~ACE_Cleanup_Adapter<TYPE> (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Virtual destructor, needed by some compilers for vtable placement.
.PP
.SS template<classTYPE> ACE_Cleanup_Adapter<TYPE>::ACE_Cleanup_Adapter<TYPE> (const ACE_Cleanup_Adapter< TYPE >&)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classTYPE> TYPE & ACE_Cleanup_Adapter<TYPE>::object (void)
.PP
Accessor for contained object.
.PP
.SS template<classTYPE> void ACE_Cleanup_Adapter<TYPE>::operator= (const ACE_Cleanup_Adapter< TYPE >&)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classTYPE> TYPE ACE_Cleanup_Adapter<TYPE>::object_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Contained object.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.