.TH ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::Common_Info 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::Common_Info \- This struct contains the necessary information for every <Event_Handler> entry. The reason the event is not in this structure is because we need to pass an event array into WaitForMultipleObjects and therefore keeping the events seperate makes sense. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <WFMO_Reactor.h>\fR
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::Current_Info\fR, \fBACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::Suspended_Info\fR, and \fBACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::To_Be_Added_Info\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCommon_Info\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor used for initializing the structure.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBreset\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIReset the state of the structure.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset\fR (int io_entry, \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR *event_handler, ACE_HANDLE io_handle, long network_events, int delete_event, int delete_entry, \fBACE_Reactor_Mask\fR close_masks)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the structure to these new values.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset\fR (Common_Info &common_info)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the structure to these new values.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBio_entry_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThis indicates whether this entry is for I/O or for a regular event.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Event_Handler\fR* \fBevent_handler_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe assosiated <Event_Handler>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBio_handle_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe I/O handle related to the <Event_Handler>. This entry is only valid if the <io_entry_> flag is true.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBnetwork_events_\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdelete_event_\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdelete_entry_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is set when the entry needed to be deleted.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Reactor_Mask\fR \fBclose_masks_\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This struct contains the necessary information for every <Event_Handler> entry. The reason the event is not in this structure is because we need to pass an event array into WaitForMultipleObjects and therefore keeping the events seperate makes sense.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::Common_Info::Common_Info (void)
.PP
Constructor used for initializing the structure.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::Common_Info::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::To_Be_Added_Info\fR, and \fBACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::Suspended_Info\fR.
.SS void ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::Common_Info::reset (void)
.PP
Reset the state of the structure.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::Current_Info\fR, \fBACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::To_Be_Added_Info\fR, and \fBACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::Suspended_Info\fR.
.SS void ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::Common_Info::set (Common_Info & common_info)
.PP
Set the structure to these new values.
.PP
.SS void ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::Common_Info::set (int io_entry, \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR * event_handler, ACE_HANDLE io_handle, long network_events, int delete_event, int delete_entry, \fBACE_Reactor_Mask\fR close_masks)
.PP
Set the structure to these new values.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_Reactor_Mask\fR ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::Common_Info::close_masks_
.PP
These are the masks related to <handle_close> for the <Event_Handler>. This is only valid when <delete_entry_> is set. 
.SS int ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::Common_Info::delete_entry_
.PP
This is set when the entry needed to be deleted.
.PP
.SS int ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::Common_Info::delete_event_
.PP
This flag indicates that <WFMO_Reactor> created the event on behalf of the user. Therefore we need to clean this up when the <Event_Handler> removes itself from <WFMO_Reactor>. This entry is only valid if the <io_entry_> flag is true. 
.SS \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR * ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::Common_Info::event_handler_
.PP
The assosiated <Event_Handler>.
.PP
.SS int ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::Common_Info::io_entry_
.PP
This indicates whether this entry is for I/O or for a regular event.
.PP
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::Common_Info::io_handle_
.PP
The I/O handle related to the <Event_Handler>. This entry is only valid if the <io_entry_> flag is true.
.PP
.SS long ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::Common_Info::network_events_
.PP
This is the set of events that the <Event_Handler> is interested in This entry is only valid if the <io_entry_> flag is true. 

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.