.TH ACE_Configuration_Section_Key_Heap 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Configuration_Section_Key_Heap \- Internal section key class for heap based configuration database. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Configuration.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Section_Key_Internal\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Configuration_Section_Key_Heap\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR* path)"
.br
.RI "\fIconstructor based on the full path of the section.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_TCHAR\fR* \fBpath_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIthe path itself.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVALUE_HASH::ITERATOR\fR* \fBvalue_iter_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe value iterator.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSUBSECTION_HASH::ITERATOR\fR* \fBsection_iter_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe sub section iterator.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Configuration_Section_Key_Heap\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIdestructor - will delete the iterators.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Configuration_Section_Key_Heap\fR (const ACE_Configuration_Section_Key_Heap& rhs)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Configuration_Section_Key_Heap& \fBoperator=\fR (const ACE_Configuration_Section_Key_Heap& rhs)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Internal section key class for heap based configuration database.
.PP
.PP
 Contains a value iterator and full path name of section. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Configuration_Section_Key_Heap::ACE_Configuration_Section_Key_Heap (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * path)
.PP
constructor based on the full path of the section.
.PP
.SS ACE_Configuration_Section_Key_Heap::~ACE_Configuration_Section_Key_Heap (void)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
destructor - will delete the iterators.
.PP
.SS ACE_Configuration_Section_Key_Heap::ACE_Configuration_Section_Key_Heap (const ACE_Configuration_Section_Key_Heap & rhs)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Configuration_Section_Key_Heap& ACE_Configuration_Section_Key_Heap::operator= (const ACE_Configuration_Section_Key_Heap & rhs)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * ACE_Configuration_Section_Key_Heap::path_
.PP
the path itself.
.PP
.SS \fBSUBSECTION_HASH::ITERATOR\fR * ACE_Configuration_Section_Key_Heap::section_iter_
.PP
The sub section iterator.
.PP
.SS \fBVALUE_HASH::ITERATOR\fR * ACE_Configuration_Section_Key_Heap::value_iter_
.PP
The value iterator.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.