.TH ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result \- This is that class which will be passed back to the <handler> when the asynchronous accept completes. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <POSIX_Asynch_IO.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Asynch_Accept_Result_Impl\fR, and \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBbytes_to_read\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIThe number of bytes which were requested at the start of the asynchronous accept.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Message_Block\fR& \fBmessage_block\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIMessage block which contains the read data.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBlisten_handle\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fII/O handle used for accepting new connections.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBaccept_handle\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fII/O handle for the new connection.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBbytes_transferred\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fINumber of bytes transferred by the operation.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const void* \fBact\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIACT associated with the operation.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsuccess\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDid the operation succeed?\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const void* \fBcompletion_key\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBerror\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIError value if the operation fail.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBevent\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIThis returns ACE_INVALID_HANDLE on POSIX4 platforms.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBoffset\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBoffset_high\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBpriority\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIThe priority of the asynchronous operation.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsignal_number\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBpost_completion\fR (\fBACE_Proactor_Impl\fR *proactor)"
.br
.RI "\fIPost <this> to the Proactor.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result\fR (\fBACE_Handler\fR &handler, ACE_HANDLE listen_handle, ACE_HANDLE accept_handle, \fBACE_Message_Block\fR &message_block, u_long bytes_to_read, const void* act, ACE_HANDLE event, int priority, int signal_number)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBcomplete\fR (u_long bytes_transferred, int success, const void *completion_key, u_long error)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBACE_Proactor\fR will call this method when the accept completes.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Message_Block\fR& \fBmessage_block_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIMessage block for reading the data into.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBlisten_handle_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fII/O handle used for accepting new connections.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Handler\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_POSIX_Proactor\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This is that class which will be passed back to the <handler> when the asynchronous accept completes.
.PP
.PP
 This class has all the information necessary for the <handler> to uniquiely identify the completion of the asynchronous accept. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result::ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result (\fBACE_Handler\fR & handler, ACE_HANDLE listen_handle, ACE_HANDLE accept_handle, \fBACE_Message_Block\fR & message_block, u_long bytes_to_read, const void * act, ACE_HANDLE event, int priority, int signal_number)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
.SS ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result::~ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result (void)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result::accept_handle (void) const
.PP
I/O handle for the new connection.
.PP
.SS const void * ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result::act (void) const
.PP
ACT associated with the operation.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result\fR.
.SS u_long ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result::bytes_to_read (void) const
.PP
The number of bytes which were requested at the start of the asynchronous accept.
.PP
.SS u_long ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result::bytes_transferred (void) const
.PP
Number of bytes transferred by the operation.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result\fR.
.SS void ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result::complete (u_long bytes_transferred, int success, const void * completion_key, u_long error)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
\fBACE_Proactor\fR will call this method when the accept completes.
.PP
.SS const void * ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result::completion_key (void) const
.PP
This is the ACT associated with the handle on which the Asynch_Operation takes place.
.PP
@ This is not implemented for POSIX4 platforms. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result\fR.
.SS u_long ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result::error (void) const
.PP
Error value if the operation fail.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result\fR.
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result::event (void) const
.PP
This returns ACE_INVALID_HANDLE on POSIX4 platforms.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result\fR.
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result::listen_handle (void) const
.PP
I/O handle used for accepting new connections.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Message_Block\fR & ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result::message_block (void) const
.PP
Message block which contains the read data.
.PP
.SS u_long ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result::offset (void) const
.PP
This really make sense only when doing file I/O.
.PP
@ On POSIX4-Unix, offset_high should be supported using aiocb64. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result\fR.
.SS u_long ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result::offset_high (void) const
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result\fR.
.SS int ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result::post_completion (\fBACE_Proactor_Impl\fR * proactor)
.PP
Post <this> to the Proactor.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result\fR.
.SS int ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result::priority (void) const
.PP
The priority of the asynchronous operation.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result\fR.
.SS int ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result::signal_number (void) const
.PP
POSIX4 realtime signal number to be used for the operation. <signal_number> ranges from SIGRTMIN to SIGRTMAX. By default, SIGRTMIN is used to issue  calls. This is a no-op on non-POSIX4 systems and returns 0. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result\fR.
.SS int ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result::success (void) const
.PP
Did the operation succeed?
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result\fR.
.SH FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS class ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
Factory classes willl have special permissions.
.PP
.SS class ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Handler\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
.SS class ACE_POSIX_Proactor\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
The Proactor constructs the Result class for faking results.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result::listen_handle_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
I/O handle used for accepting new connections.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Message_Block\fR & ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result::message_block_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Message block for reading the data into.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.