.TH ACE_Task 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Task \- Primary interface for application message processing, as well as input and output message queueing. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Task_T.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Task_Base\fR.
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_NT_Service\fR, \fBACE_Stream_Head\fR, \fBACE_Stream_Tail\fR, \fBACE_Svc_Handler\fR, and \fBACE_Thru_Task\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Task\fR (\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR *thr_mgr = 0, \fBACE_Message_Queue\fR<ACE_SYNCH_USE> *mq = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Task\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Message_Queue\fR<ACE_SYNCH_USE>* \fBmsg_queue\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets the message queue associated with this task.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBmsg_queue\fR (\fBACE_Message_Queue\fR<ACE_SYNCH_USE> *)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the message queue associated with this task.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBputq\fR (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR *, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIInsert message into the message queue. Note that <timeout> uses <{absolute}> time rather than <{relative}> time.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetq\fR (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR *&mb, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIExtract the first message from the queue (blocking). Note that <timeout> uses <{absolute}> time rather than <{relative}> time.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBungetq\fR (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR *, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn a message to the queue. Note that <timeout> uses <{absolute}> time rather than <{relative}> time.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBreply\fR (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR *, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBput_next\fR (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR *msg, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcan_put\fR (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR *)"
.br
.RI "\fITests whether we can enqueue a message without blocking.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBconst\fR \fBACE_TCHAR\fR* \fBname\fR (void) \fBconst\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the name of the enclosing Module if there's one associated with the Task, else returns 0.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Task<ACE_SYNCH_USE>* \fBnext\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet next Task pointer. Set next Task pointer.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBnext\fR (ACE_Task<ACE_SYNCH_USE> *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Task<ACE_SYNCH_USE>* \fBsibling\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the Task's sibling if there's one associated with the Task's Module, else returns 0.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBflush\fR (u_long flag = ACE_Task_Flags::ACE_FLUSHALL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBwater_marks\fR (\fBACE_IO_Cntl_Msg::ACE_IO_Cntl_Cmds\fR, size_t)"
.br
.RI "\fIManipulate watermarks.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) \fBconst\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "module void \fBconst\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the Task's Module if there is one, else returns 0.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Message_Queue\fR<ACE_SYNCH_USE>* \fBmsg_queue_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIQueue of messages on the ACE_Task..\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdelete_msg_queue_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fI1 if should delete Message_Queue, 0 otherwise.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Module\fR<ACE_SYNCH_USE>* \fBmod_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIBack-pointer to the enclosing module.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Task<ACE_SYNCH_USE>* \fBnext_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to adjacent ACE_Task.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator=\fR (\fBconst\fR ACE_Task< _ACE_SYNCH_MUTEX_T, _ACE_SYNCH_CONDITION_T > &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Task\fR (\fBconst\fR ACE_Task< _ACE_SYNCH_MUTEX_T, _ACE_SYNCH_CONDITION_T > &)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_Module< ACE_SYNCH_USE >\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_Module_Type\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL>  template class ACE_Task
Primary interface for application message processing, as well as input and output message queueing.
.PP
.PP
 This class serves as the basis for passive and active objects in \fBACE\fR. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> ACE_Task<>::ACE_Task<> (\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR * thr_mgr = 0, \fBACE_Message_Queue\fR< ACE_SYNCH_USE >* mq = 0)
.PP
Initialize a Task, supplying a thread manager and a message queue. If the user doesn't supply a \fBACE_Message_Queue\fR pointer then we'll allocate one dynamically. Otherwise, we'll use the one passed as a parameter. 
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> ACE_Task<>::~ACE_Task<> (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> ACE_Task<>::ACE_Task<> (\fBconst\fR ACE_Task< _ACE_SYNCH_MUTEX_T,_ACE_SYNCH_CONDITION_T >&)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> int ACE_Task<>::can_put (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR *)
.PP
Tests whether we can enqueue a message without blocking.
.PP
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> void ACE_Task<>::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Stream_Head\fR, \fBACE_Stream_Tail\fR, \fBACE_Thru_Task\fR, \fBACE_Svc_Handler\fR, and \fBACE_Buffered_Svc_Handler\fR.
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> int ACE_Task<>::flush (u_long flag = ACE_Task_Flags::ACE_FLUSHALL)
.PP
Flush the queue. Note that if this conflicts with the C++ \fBiostream\fR <flush> function, just rewrite the \fBiostream\fR function as ::<flush>. 
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> int ACE_Task<>::getq (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR *& mb, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0)
.PP
Extract the first message from the queue (blocking). Note that <timeout> uses <{absolute}> time rather than <{relative}> time.
.PP
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> void ACE_Task<>::msg_queue (\fBACE_Message_Queue\fR< ACE_SYNCH_USE >*)
.PP
Sets the message queue associated with this task.
.PP
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> \fBACE_Message_Queue\fR< ACE_SYNCH_USE >* ACE_Task<>::msg_queue (void)
.PP
Gets the message queue associated with this task.
.PP
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> \fBconst\fR \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * ACE_Task<>::name (void) const
.PP
Return the name of the enclosing Module if there's one associated with the Task, else returns 0.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_NT_Service\fR.
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> void ACE_Task<>::next (ACE_Task< ACE_SYNCH_USE >*)
.PP
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> ACE_Task< ACE_SYNCH_USE >* ACE_Task<>::next (void)
.PP
Get next Task pointer. Set next Task pointer.
.PP
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> void ACE_Task<>::operator= (\fBconst\fR ACE_Task< _ACE_SYNCH_MUTEX_T,_ACE_SYNCH_CONDITION_T >&)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> int ACE_Task<>::put_next (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR * msg, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0)
.PP
Transfer message to the adjacent ACE_Task in a \fBACE_Stream\fR. Note that <timeout> uses <{absolute}> time rather than <{relative}> time. 
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> int ACE_Task<>::putq (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR *, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0)
.PP
Insert message into the message queue. Note that <timeout> uses <{absolute}> time rather than <{relative}> time.
.PP
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> int ACE_Task<>::reply (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR *, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0)
.PP
Turn the message around and send it back down the Stream. Note that <timeout> uses <{absolute}> time rather than <{relative}> time. 
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> ACE_Task< ACE_SYNCH_USE >* ACE_Task<>::sibling (void)
.PP
Return the Task's sibling if there's one associated with the Task's Module, else returns 0.
.PP
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> int ACE_Task<>::ungetq (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR *, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0)
.PP
Return a message to the queue. Note that <timeout> uses <{absolute}> time rather than <{relative}> time.
.PP
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> void ACE_Task<>::water_marks (\fBACE_IO_Cntl_Msg::ACE_IO_Cntl_Cmds\fR, size_t)
.PP
Manipulate watermarks.
.PP
.SH FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> class \fBACE_Module\fR\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> class ACE_Module_Type\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> ACE_Task<>::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_NT_Service\fR, \fBACE_Stream_Head\fR, \fBACE_Stream_Tail\fR, and \fBACE_Thru_Task\fR.
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> module void ACE_Task<>::const
.PP
Return the Task's Module if there is one, else returns 0.
.PP
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> int ACE_Task<>::delete_msg_queue_
.PP
1 if should delete Message_Queue, 0 otherwise.
.PP
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> \fBACE_Module\fR< ACE_SYNCH_USE >* ACE_Task<>::mod_
.PP
Back-pointer to the enclosing module.
.PP
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> \fBACE_Message_Queue\fR< ACE_SYNCH_USE >* ACE_Task<>::msg_queue_
.PP
Queue of messages on the ACE_Task..
.PP
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> ACE_Task< ACE_SYNCH_USE >* ACE_Task<>::next_
.PP
Pointer to adjacent ACE_Task.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.