.TH ACE_Activation_Queue 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Activation_Queue \- Reifies a method into a request. Subclasses typically represent necessary state and behavior. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Activation_Queue.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Activation_Queue\fR (\fBACE_Message_Queue\fR<ACE_SYNCH> *new_queue = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Activation_Queue\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Method_Request\fR* \fBdequeue\fR (\fBACE_Time_Value\fR *tv = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIDequeue the next available <Method_Request>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBenqueue\fR (\fBACE_Method_Request\fR *new_method_request, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *tv = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIEnqueue the <Method_Request> in priority order. The priority is determined by the <priority> method of the <new_message_request>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmethod_count\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the current number of method objects in the queue.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBis_empty\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns 1 if the queue is empty, 0 otherwise.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBis_full\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns 1 if the queue is full, 0 otherwise.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an request.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Message_Queue\fR<ACE_SYNCH>* \fBqueue_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIStores the <Method_Requests>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdelete_queue_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIKeeps track of whether we need to delete the queue.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator=\fR (const ACE_Activation_Queue &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Activation_Queue\fR (const ACE_Activation_Queue &)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Reifies a method into a request. Subclasses typically represent necessary state and behavior.
.PP
.PP
 A <Method_Request> is inserted in the , where it is subsequently removed by the <Scheduler>, which invokes its <call> method.. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Activation_Queue::ACE_Activation_Queue (\fBACE_Message_Queue\fR< ACE_SYNCH >* new_queue = 0)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Activation_Queue::~ACE_Activation_Queue (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Activation_Queue::ACE_Activation_Queue (const ACE_Activation_Queue &)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_Method_Request\fR * ACE_Activation_Queue::dequeue (\fBACE_Time_Value\fR * tv = 0)
.PP
Dequeue the next available <Method_Request>.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Activation_Queue::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an request.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Activation_Queue::enqueue (\fBACE_Method_Request\fR * new_method_request, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * tv = 0)
.PP
Enqueue the <Method_Request> in priority order. The priority is determined by the <priority> method of the <new_message_request>.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Activation_Queue::is_empty (void) const
.PP
Returns 1 if the queue is empty, 0 otherwise.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Activation_Queue::is_full (void) const
.PP
Returns 1 if the queue is full, 0 otherwise.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Activation_Queue::method_count (void) const
.PP
Get the current number of method objects in the queue.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Activation_Queue::operator= (const ACE_Activation_Queue &)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Activation_Queue::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Activation_Queue::delete_queue_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Keeps track of whether we need to delete the queue.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Message_Queue\fR< ACE_SYNCH >* ACE_Activation_Queue::queue_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Stores the <Method_Requests>.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.