.TH ACE_Time_Value 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Time_Value \- Operations on "timeval" structures, which express time in <secs> and <usecs>. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <OS.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Time_Value\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault Constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Time_Value\fR (long sec, long usec = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Time_Value\fR (const struct timeval &t)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstruct the  from a <timeval>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Time_Value\fR (const \fBtimespec_t\fR &t)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes the  object from a <timespec_t>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Time_Value\fR (const ACE_Time_Value &tv)"
.br
.RI "\fICopy constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Time_Value\fR (const FILETIME &ft)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes the ACE_Time_Value object from a Win32 FILETIME.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset\fR (long sec, long usec)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstruct a <Time_Value> from two <long>s.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset\fR (double d)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstruct a <Time_Value> from a <double>, which is assumed to be in second format, with any remainder treated as microseconds.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset\fR (const timeval &t)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstruct a <Time_Value> from a <timeval>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset\fR (const \fBtimespec_t\fR &t)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes the <Time_Value> object from a <timespec_t>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset\fR (const FILETIME &ft)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes the <Time_Value> object from a <timespec_t>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBmsec\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIConverts from <Time_Value> format into milli-seconds format.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBmsec\fR (long)"
.br
.RI "\fIConverts from milli-seconds format into <Time_Value> format.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoperator timespec_t\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the value of the object as a <timespec_t>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoperator timeval\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the value of the object as a <timeval>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoperator const timeval *\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns a pointer to the object as a <timeval>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoperator FILETIME\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the value of the object as a Win32 FILETIME.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBsec\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet seconds.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsec\fR (long sec)"
.br
.RI "\fISet seconds.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBusec\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet microseconds.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBusec\fR (long usec)"
.br
.RI "\fISet microseconds.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator+=\fR (const ACE_Time_Value &tv)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd <tv> to this.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator-=\fR (const ACE_Time_Value &tv)"
.br
.RI "\fISubtract <tv> to this.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Time_Value& \fBoperator *=\fR (double d)"
.br
.RI "\fIMultiply the time value by the <d> factor, which must be >= 0.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const ACE_Time_Value \fBzero\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIConstant "0".\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const ACE_Time_Value \fBmax_time\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const DWORDLONG \fBFILETIME_to_timval_skew\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIConst time difference between FILETIME and POSIX time.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBnormalize\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIPut the timevalue into a canonical form.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "timeval \fBtv_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIStore the values as a <timeval>.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_OS_Export ACE_Time_Value \fBoperator+\fR (const ACE_Time_Value &tv1, const ACE_Time_Value &tv2)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdds two ACE_Time_Value objects together, returns the sum.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_OS_Export ACE_Time_Value \fBoperator-\fR (const ACE_Time_Value &tv1, const ACE_Time_Value &tv2)"
.br
.RI "\fISubtracts two ACE_Time_Value objects, returns the difference.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_OS_Export int \fBoperator<\fR (const ACE_Time_Value &tv1, const ACE_Time_Value &tv2)"
.br
.RI "\fITrue if tv1 < tv2.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_OS_Export int \fBoperator>\fR (const ACE_Time_Value &tv1, const ACE_Time_Value &tv2)"
.br
.RI "\fITrue if tv1 > tv2.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_OS_Export int \fBoperator<=\fR (const ACE_Time_Value &tv1, const ACE_Time_Value &tv2)"
.br
.RI "\fITrue if tv1 <= tv2.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_OS_Export int \fBoperator>=\fR (const ACE_Time_Value &tv1, const ACE_Time_Value &tv2)"
.br
.RI "\fITrue if tv1 >= tv2.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_OS_Export int \fBoperator==\fR (const ACE_Time_Value &tv1, const ACE_Time_Value &tv2)"
.br
.RI "\fITrue if tv1 == tv2.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_OS_Export int \fBoperator!=\fR (const ACE_Time_Value &tv1, const ACE_Time_Value &tv2)"
.br
.RI "\fITrue if tv1 != tv2.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Operations on "timeval" structures, which express time in <secs> and <usecs>.
.PP
.PP
 This class centralizes all the time related processing in \fBACE\fR. These timers are typically used in conjunction with OS mechanisms like <select>, <poll>, or <cond_timedwait>.  makes the use of these mechanisms portable across OS platforms, 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Time_Value::ACE_Time_Value (void)
.PP
Default Constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Time_Value::ACE_Time_Value (long sec, long usec = 0)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Time_Value::ACE_Time_Value (const struct timeval & t)
.PP
Construct the  from a <timeval>.
.PP
.SS ACE_Time_Value::ACE_Time_Value (const \fBtimespec_t\fR & t)
.PP
Initializes the  object from a <timespec_t>.
.PP
.SS ACE_Time_Value::ACE_Time_Value (const ACE_Time_Value & tv)
.PP
Copy constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Time_Value::ACE_Time_Value (const FILETIME & ft)
.PP
Initializes the ACE_Time_Value object from a Win32 FILETIME.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_Time_Value::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Time_Value::msec (long)
.PP
Converts from milli-seconds format into <Time_Value> format.
.PP
.SS long ACE_Time_Value::msec (void) const
.PP
Converts from <Time_Value> format into milli-seconds format.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Time_Value::normalize (void)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Put the timevalue into a canonical form.
.PP
.SS ACE_Time_Value & ACE_Time_Value::operator *= (double d)
.PP
Multiply the time value by the <d> factor, which must be >= 0.
.PP
.SS ACE_Time_Value::operator FILETIME () const
.PP
Returns the value of the object as a Win32 FILETIME.
.PP
.SS ACE_Time_Value::operator const timeval * () const
.PP
Returns a pointer to the object as a <timeval>.
.PP
.SS ACE_Time_Value::operator \fBtimespec_t\fR () const
.PP
Returns the value of the object as a <timespec_t>.
.PP
.SS ACE_Time_Value::operator timeval () const
.PP
Returns the value of the object as a <timeval>.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Time_Value::operator+= (const ACE_Time_Value & tv)
.PP
Add <tv> to this.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Time_Value::operator-= (const ACE_Time_Value & tv)
.PP
Subtract <tv> to this.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Time_Value::sec (long sec)
.PP
Set seconds.
.PP
.SS long ACE_Time_Value::sec (void) const
.PP
Get seconds.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Time_Value::set (const FILETIME & ft)
.PP
Initializes the <Time_Value> object from a <timespec_t>.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Time_Value::set (const \fBtimespec_t\fR & t)
.PP
Initializes the <Time_Value> object from a <timespec_t>.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Time_Value::set (const timeval & t)
.PP
Construct a <Time_Value> from a <timeval>.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Time_Value::set (double d)
.PP
Construct a <Time_Value> from a <double>, which is assumed to be in second format, with any remainder treated as microseconds.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Time_Value::set (long sec, long usec)
.PP
Construct a <Time_Value> from two <long>s.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Time_Value::usec (long usec)
.PP
Set microseconds.
.PP
.SS long ACE_Time_Value::usec (void) const
.PP
Get microseconds.
.PP
.SH FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_OS_Export int operator!= (const ACE_Time_Value & tv1, const ACE_Time_Value & tv2)\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
True if tv1 != tv2.
.PP
.SS ACE_OS_Export ACE_Time_Value operator+ (const ACE_Time_Value & tv1, const ACE_Time_Value & tv2)\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
Adds two ACE_Time_Value objects together, returns the sum.
.PP
.SS ACE_OS_Export ACE_Time_Value operator- (const ACE_Time_Value & tv1, const ACE_Time_Value & tv2)\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
Subtracts two ACE_Time_Value objects, returns the difference.
.PP
.SS ACE_OS_Export int operator< (const ACE_Time_Value & tv1, const ACE_Time_Value & tv2)\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
True if tv1 < tv2.
.PP
.SS ACE_OS_Export int operator<= (const ACE_Time_Value & tv1, const ACE_Time_Value & tv2)\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
True if tv1 <= tv2.
.PP
.SS ACE_OS_Export int operator== (const ACE_Time_Value & tv1, const ACE_Time_Value & tv2)\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
True if tv1 == tv2.
.PP
.SS ACE_OS_Export int operator> (const ACE_Time_Value & tv1, const ACE_Time_Value & tv2)\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
True if tv1 > tv2.
.PP
.SS ACE_OS_Export int operator>= (const ACE_Time_Value & tv1, const ACE_Time_Value & tv2)\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
True if tv1 >= tv2.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS const DWORDLONG ACE_Time_Value::FILETIME_to_timval_skew\fC [static]\fR
.PP
Const time difference between FILETIME and POSIX time.
.PP
.SS const ACE_Time_Value ACE_Time_Value::max_time\fC [static]\fR
.PP
Constant for maximum time representable. Note that this time is not intended for use with <select> or other calls that may have *their own* implementation-specific maximum time representations. Its primary use is in time computations such as those used by the dynamic subpriority strategies in the  class. 
.SS timeval ACE_Time_Value::tv_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Store the values as a <timeval>.
.PP
.SS const ACE_Time_Value ACE_Time_Value::zero\fC [static]\fR
.PP
Constant "0".
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.