.TH ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool_Options 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool_Options \- Helper class for MMAP Memory Pool constructor options. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Memory_Pool.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool_Options\fR (const void *base_addr = ACE_DEFAULT_BASE_ADDR, int use_fixed_addr = 1, int write_each_page = 1, off_t minimum_bytes = 0, u_int flags = 0, int guess_on_fault = 1, LPSECURITY_ATTRIBUTES sa = 0)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const void* \fBbase_addr_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIBase address of the memory-mapped backing store.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBuse_fixed_addr_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIMust we use the <base_addr_> or can we let mmap(2) select it?\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBwrite_each_page_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIShould each page be written eagerly to avoid surprises later on?\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "off_t \fBminimum_bytes_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIWhat the minimim bytes of the initial segment should be.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_int \fBflags_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIAny special flags that need to be used for <mmap>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBguess_on_fault_\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "LPSECURITY_ATTRIBUTES \fBsa_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to a security attributes object. Only used on NT.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Helper class for MMAP Memory Pool constructor options.
.PP
.PP
 This should be a nested class, but that breaks too many compilers. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool_Options::ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool_Options (const void * base_addr = ACE_DEFAULT_BASE_ADDR, int use_fixed_addr = 1, int write_each_page = 1, off_t minimum_bytes = 0, u_int flags = 0, int guess_on_fault = 1, LPSECURITY_ATTRIBUTES sa = 0)
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS const void * ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool_Options::base_addr_
.PP
Base address of the memory-mapped backing store.
.PP
.SS u_int ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool_Options::flags_
.PP
Any special flags that need to be used for <mmap>.
.PP
.SS int ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool_Options::guess_on_fault_
.PP
Try to remap without knowing the faulting address. This parameter is ignored on platforms that know the faulting address (UNIX with SI_ADDR and Win32). 
.SS off_t ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool_Options::minimum_bytes_
.PP
What the minimim bytes of the initial segment should be.
.PP
.SS LPSECURITY_ATTRIBUTES ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool_Options::sa_
.PP
Pointer to a security attributes object. Only used on NT.
.PP
.SS int ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool_Options::use_fixed_addr_
.PP
Must we use the <base_addr_> or can we let mmap(2) select it?
.PP
.SS int ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool_Options::write_each_page_
.PP
Should each page be written eagerly to avoid surprises later on?
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.