.TH ACE_Static_Function_Node 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Static_Function_Node \- Keeps track of the symbol name for a function that is not linked in from a DLL, but is statically linked with the application. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Parse_Node.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Location_Node\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_EXPLICIT \fBACE_Static_Function_Node\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *func_name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void* \fBsymbol\fR (\fBACE_Service_Object_Exterminator\fR * = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Static_Function_Node\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR* \fBfunction_name_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIName of the function that we're parsing.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Keeps track of the symbol name for a function that is not linked in from a DLL, but is statically linked with the application.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_EXPLICIT ACE_Static_Function_Node::ACE_Static_Function_Node (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * func_name)
.PP
.SS virtual ACE_Static_Function_Node::~ACE_Static_Function_Node (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_Static_Function_Node::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Location_Node\fR.
.SS virtual void* ACE_Static_Function_Node::symbol (\fBACE_Service_Object_Exterminator\fR * gobbler = 0)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Location_Node\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Static_Function_Node::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Location_Node\fR.
.SS const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * ACE_Static_Function_Node::function_name_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Name of the function that we're parsing.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.