.TH ACE_Notification_Buffer 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Notification_Buffer \- Simple wrapper for passing s and s between threads. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Event_Handler.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Notification_Buffer\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Notification_Buffer\fR (\fBACE_Event_Handler\fR *eh, \fBACE_Reactor_Mask\fR mask)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Notification_Buffer\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault dtor.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Event_Handler\fR* \fBeh_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to the Event_Handler that will be dispatched by the main event loop.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Reactor_Mask\fR \fBmask_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIMask that indicates which method to call.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Simple wrapper for passing s and s between threads.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Notification_Buffer::ACE_Notification_Buffer (void)
.PP
.SS ACE_Notification_Buffer::ACE_Notification_Buffer (\fBACE_Event_Handler\fR * eh, \fBACE_Reactor_Mask\fR mask)
.PP
.SS ACE_Notification_Buffer::~ACE_Notification_Buffer (void)
.PP
Default dtor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR * ACE_Notification_Buffer::eh_
.PP
Pointer to the Event_Handler that will be dispatched by the main event loop.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Reactor_Mask\fR ACE_Notification_Buffer::mask_
.PP
Mask that indicates which method to call.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.