.TH ACE_RW_Mutex 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_RW_Mutex \- Wrapper for readers/writer locks. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Synch.h>\fR
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_RW_Thread_Mutex\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_RW_Mutex\fR (int type = USYNC_THREAD, const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *name = 0, void *arg = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialize a readers/writer lock.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_RW_Mutex\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIImplicitly destroy a readers/writer lock.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBremove\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBacquire_read\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIAcquire a read lock, but block if a writer hold the lock.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBacquire_write\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIAcquire a write lock, but block if any readers or a writer hold the lock.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtryacquire_read\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtryacquire_write\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIConditionally acquire a write lock (i.e., won't block).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtryacquire_write_upgrade\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBacquire\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtryacquire\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrelease\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIUnlock a readers/writer lock.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const ACE_rwlock_t& \fBlock\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the underlying lock.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_rwlock_t \fBlock_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIReaders/writer lock.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBremoved_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIKeeps track of whether <remove> has been called yet to avoid multiple <remove> calls, e.g., explicitly and implicitly in the destructor. This flag isn't protected by a lock, so make sure that you don't have multiple threads simultaneously calling <remove> on the same object, which is a bad idea anyway...\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator=\fR (const ACE_RW_Mutex &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_RW_Mutex\fR (const ACE_RW_Mutex &)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Wrapper for readers/writer locks.
.PP
.PP
 These are most useful for applications that have many more parallel readers than writers... 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_RW_Mutex::ACE_RW_Mutex (int type = USYNC_THREAD, const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * name = 0, void * arg = 0)
.PP
Initialize a readers/writer lock.
.PP
.SS ACE_RW_Mutex::~ACE_RW_Mutex (void)
.PP
Implicitly destroy a readers/writer lock.
.PP
.SS ACE_RW_Mutex::ACE_RW_Mutex (const ACE_RW_Mutex &)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_RW_Mutex::acquire (void)
.PP
Note, for interface uniformity with other synchronization wrappers we include the  method. This is implemented as a write-lock to safe... 
.SS int ACE_RW_Mutex::acquire_read (void)
.PP
Acquire a read lock, but block if a writer hold the lock.
.PP
.SS int ACE_RW_Mutex::acquire_write (void)
.PP
Acquire a write lock, but block if any readers or a writer hold the lock.
.PP
.SS void ACE_RW_Mutex::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_RW_Thread_Mutex\fR.
.SS const ACE_rwlock_t & ACE_RW_Mutex::lock (void) const
.PP
Return the underlying lock.
.PP
.SS void ACE_RW_Mutex::operator= (const ACE_RW_Mutex &)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SS int ACE_RW_Mutex::release (void)
.PP
Unlock a readers/writer lock.
.PP
.SS int ACE_RW_Mutex::remove (void)
.PP
Explicitly destroy a readers/writer lock. Note that only one thread should call this method since it doesn't protect against race conditions. 
.SS int ACE_RW_Mutex::tryacquire (void)
.PP
Note, for interface uniformity with other synchronization wrappers we include the <tryacquire> method. This is implemented as a write-lock to be safe... Returns -1 on failure. If we "failed" because someone else already had the lock, <errno> is set to <EBUSY>. 
.SS int ACE_RW_Mutex::tryacquire_read (void)
.PP
Conditionally acquire a read lock (i.e., won't block). Returns -1 on failure. If we "failed" because someone else already had the lock, <errno> is set to <EBUSY>. 
.SS int ACE_RW_Mutex::tryacquire_write (void)
.PP
Conditionally acquire a write lock (i.e., won't block).
.PP
.SS int ACE_RW_Mutex::tryacquire_write_upgrade (void)
.PP
Conditionally upgrade a read lock to a write lock. This only works if there are no other readers present, in which case the method returns 0. Otherwise, the method returns -1 and sets <errno> to <EBUSY>. Note that the caller of this method *must* already possess this lock as a read lock (but this condition is not checked by the current implementation). 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_RW_Thread_Mutex\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_RW_Mutex::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_RW_Thread_Mutex\fR.
.SS ACE_rwlock_t ACE_RW_Mutex::lock_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Readers/writer lock.
.PP
.SS int ACE_RW_Mutex::removed_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Keeps track of whether <remove> has been called yet to avoid multiple <remove> calls, e.g., explicitly and implicitly in the destructor. This flag isn't protected by a lock, so make sure that you don't have multiple threads simultaneously calling <remove> on the same object, which is a bad idea anyway...
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.