.TH ACE_Local_Memory_Pool 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Local_Memory_Pool \- Make a memory pool that is based on C++ new/delete. This is useful for integrating existing components that use new/delete into the \fBACE\fR Malloc scheme... 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Memory_Pool.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBACE_Local_Memory_Pool_Options\fR \fBOPTIONS\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Local_Memory_Pool\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *backing_store_name = 0, const \fBOPTIONS\fR *options = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialize the pool.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Local_Memory_Pool\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void* \fBinit_acquire\fR (size_t nbytes, size_t &rounded_bytes, int &first_time)"
.br
.RI "\fIAsk system for initial chunk of local memory.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void* \fBacquire\fR (size_t nbytes, size_t &rounded_bytes)"
.br
.RI "\fIAcquire at least NBYTES from the memory pool. ROUNDED_BYTES is the actual number of bytes allocated.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBrelease\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIInstruct the memory pool to release all of its resources.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBsync\fR (\fBssize_t\fR len = -1, int flags = MS_SYNC)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBsync\fR (void *addr, size_t len, int flags = MS_SYNC)"
.br
.RI "\fISync <len> bytes of the memory region to the backing store starting at .\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBprotect\fR (\fBssize_t\fR len = -1, int prot = PROT_RDWR)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBprotect\fR (void *addr, size_t len, int prot = PROT_RDWR)"
.br
.RI "\fIChange the protection of the pages of the mapped region to <prot> starting at  up to <len> bytes.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBseh_selector\fR (void *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBremap\fR (void *addr)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual size_t \fBround_up\fR (size_t nbytes)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Unbounded_Set\fR<char *> \fBallocated_chunks_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIList of memory that we have allocated.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Make a memory pool that is based on C++ new/delete. This is useful for integrating existing components that use new/delete into the \fBACE\fR Malloc scheme...
.PP
.SH MEMBER TYPEDEF DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS typedef \fBACE_Local_Memory_Pool_Options\fR ACE_Local_Memory_Pool::OPTIONS
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Local_Memory_Pool::ACE_Local_Memory_Pool (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * backing_store_name = 0, const \fBOPTIONS\fR * options = 0)
.PP
Initialize the pool.
.PP
.SS virtual ACE_Local_Memory_Pool::~ACE_Local_Memory_Pool (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void * ACE_Local_Memory_Pool::acquire (size_t nbytes, size_t & rounded_bytes)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Acquire at least NBYTES from the memory pool. ROUNDED_BYTES is the actual number of bytes allocated.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Local_Memory_Pool::dump (void) const\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS void * ACE_Local_Memory_Pool::init_acquire (size_t nbytes, size_t & rounded_bytes, int & first_time)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Ask system for initial chunk of local memory.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Local_Memory_Pool::protect (void * addr, size_t len, int prot = PROT_RDWR)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Change the protection of the pages of the mapped region to <prot> starting at  up to <len> bytes.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Local_Memory_Pool::protect (\fBssize_t\fR len = -1, int prot = PROT_RDWR)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Change the protection of the pages of the mapped region to <prot> starting at <this->base_addr_> up to <len> bytes. If <len> == -1 then change protection of all pages in the mapped region. 
.SS int ACE_Local_Memory_Pool::release (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Instruct the memory pool to release all of its resources.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Local_Memory_Pool::remap (void * addr)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Try to extend the virtual address space so that  is now covered by the address mapping. Always returns 0 since we can't remap a local memory pool. 
.SS virtual size_t ACE_Local_Memory_Pool::round_up (size_t nbytes)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
.SS int ACE_Local_Memory_Pool::seh_selector (void *)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Win32 Structural exception selector. The return value decides how to handle memory pool related structural exceptions. Returns 1, 0, or , -1. 
.SS int ACE_Local_Memory_Pool::sync (void * addr, size_t len, int flags = MS_SYNC)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Sync <len> bytes of the memory region to the backing store starting at .
.PP
.SS int ACE_Local_Memory_Pool::sync (\fBssize_t\fR len = -1, int flags = MS_SYNC)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Sync <len> bytes of the memory region to the backing store starting at <this->base_addr_>. If <len> == -1 then sync the whole region. 
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Local_Memory_Pool::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Unbounded_Set\fR< char *> ACE_Local_Memory_Pool::allocated_chunks_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
List of memory that we have allocated.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.