.TH ACE_Thread_Control 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Thread_Control \- Used to keep track of a thread's activities within its entry point function. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Thread_Control.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Thread_Control\fR (\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR *tm = 0, int insert = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialize the thread control object. If <insert> != 0, then register the thread with the Thread_Manager.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Thread_Control\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove the thread from its associated <Thread_Manager> and exit the thread if <do_thr_exit> is enabled.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void* \fBexit\fR (void *status, int do_thr_exit)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove this thread from its associated <Thread_Manager> and exit the thread if <do_thr_exit> is enabled.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBinsert\fR (\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR *tm, int insert = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIStore the <Thread_Manager> and use it to register ourselves for correct shutdown.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR* \fBthr_mgr\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the current <Thread_Manager>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR* \fBthr_mgr\fR (\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR *)"
.br
.RI "\fIAtomically set a new <Thread_Manager> and return the old <Thread_Manager>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void* \fBstatus\fR (void *status)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the exit status (and return existing status).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void* \fBstatus\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the current exit status.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR* \fBtm_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to the thread manager for this block of code.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void* \fBstatus_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIKeeps track of the exit status for the thread.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Used to keep track of a thread's activities within its entry point function.
.PP
.PP
 A  uses this class to ensure that threads it spawns automatically register and unregister themselves with it. This class can be stored in thread-specific storage using the  wrapper. When a thread exits the  function deletes this object, thereby ensuring that it gets removed from its associated . 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Thread_Control::ACE_Thread_Control (\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR * tm = 0, int insert = 0)
.PP
Initialize the thread control object. If <insert> != 0, then register the thread with the Thread_Manager.
.PP
.SS ACE_Thread_Control::~ACE_Thread_Control (void)
.PP
Remove the thread from its associated <Thread_Manager> and exit the thread if <do_thr_exit> is enabled.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_Thread_Control::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS void * ACE_Thread_Control::exit (void * status, int do_thr_exit)
.PP
Remove this thread from its associated <Thread_Manager> and exit the thread if <do_thr_exit> is enabled.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Thread_Control::insert (\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR * tm, int insert = 0)
.PP
Store the <Thread_Manager> and use it to register ourselves for correct shutdown.
.PP
.SS void * ACE_Thread_Control::status (void)
.PP
Get the current exit status.
.PP
.SS void * ACE_Thread_Control::status (void * status)
.PP
Set the exit status (and return existing status).
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR * ACE_Thread_Control::thr_mgr (\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR *)
.PP
Atomically set a new <Thread_Manager> and return the old <Thread_Manager>.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR * ACE_Thread_Control::thr_mgr (void)
.PP
Returns the current <Thread_Manager>.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Thread_Control::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
.SS void * ACE_Thread_Control::status_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Keeps track of the exit status for the thread.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR * ACE_Thread_Control::tm_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Pointer to the thread manager for this block of code.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.