.TH ACE_Addr 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Addr \- Defines the base class for the "address family independent" address format. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Addr.h>\fR
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_ATM_Addr\fR, \fBACE_DEV_Addr\fR, \fBACE_FILE_Addr\fR, \fBACE_INET_Addr\fR, \fBACE_MEM_Addr\fR, \fBACE_SPIPE_Addr\fR, and \fBACE_UNIX_Addr\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Addr\fR (int type = -1, int size = -1)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes instance variables.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Addr\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBget_size\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the size of the address.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_size\fR (int size)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the size of the address.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBget_type\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the type of the address.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_type\fR (int type)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the type of the address.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void* \fBget_addr\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn a pointer to the address.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBset_addr\fR (void *, int len)"
.br
.RI "\fISet a pointer to the address.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator==\fR (const ACE_Addr &sap) const"
.br
.RI "\fICheck for address equality.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator!=\fR (const ACE_Addr &sap) const"
.br
.RI "\fICheck for address inequality.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBbase_set\fR (int type, int size)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes instance variables.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual u_long \fBhash\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns a hash value. This should be overwritten by a subclass that can produce a better hash value.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const ACE_Addr \fBsap_any\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIWild-card address.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBaddr_type_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIe.g., AF_UNIX, AF_INET, AF_SPIPE, etc.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBaddr_size_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fINumber of bytes in the address.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Defines the base class for the "address family independent" address format.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Addr::ACE_Addr (int type = -1, int size = -1)
.PP
Initializes instance variables.
.PP
.SS ACE_Addr::~ACE_Addr (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_Addr::base_set (int type, int size)
.PP
Initializes instance variables.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Addr::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_ATM_Addr\fR, \fBACE_DEV_Addr\fR, \fBACE_FILE_Addr\fR, \fBACE_INET_Addr\fR, \fBACE_MEM_Addr\fR, \fBACE_SPIPE_Addr\fR, and \fBACE_UNIX_Addr\fR.
.SS void * ACE_Addr::get_addr (void) const\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Return a pointer to the address.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_ATM_Addr\fR, \fBACE_DEV_Addr\fR, \fBACE_FILE_Addr\fR, \fBACE_INET_Addr\fR, \fBACE_MEM_Addr\fR, \fBACE_SPIPE_Addr\fR, and \fBACE_UNIX_Addr\fR.
.SS int ACE_Addr::get_size (void) const
.PP
Return the size of the address.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Addr::get_type (void) const
.PP
Get the type of the address.
.PP
.SS u_long ACE_Addr::hash (void) const\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Returns a hash value. This should be overwritten by a subclass that can produce a better hash value.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_INET_Addr\fR, \fBACE_MEM_Addr\fR, and \fBACE_UNIX_Addr\fR.
.SS int ACE_Addr::operator!= (const ACE_Addr & sap) const
.PP
Check for address inequality.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Addr::operator== (const ACE_Addr & sap) const
.PP
Check for address equality.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Addr::set_addr (void * addr, int len)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Set a pointer to the address.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_ATM_Addr\fR, \fBACE_INET_Addr\fR, \fBACE_MEM_Addr\fR, \fBACE_SPIPE_Addr\fR, and \fBACE_UNIX_Addr\fR.
.SS void ACE_Addr::set_size (int size)
.PP
Sets the size of the address.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Addr::set_type (int type)
.PP
Set the type of the address.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Addr::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_ATM_Addr\fR, \fBACE_DEV_Addr\fR, \fBACE_FILE_Addr\fR, \fBACE_INET_Addr\fR, \fBACE_MEM_Addr\fR, \fBACE_SPIPE_Addr\fR, and \fBACE_UNIX_Addr\fR.
.SS int ACE_Addr::addr_size_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Number of bytes in the address.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Addr::addr_type_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
e.g., AF_UNIX, AF_INET, AF_SPIPE, etc.
.PP
.SS const ACE_Addr ACE_Addr::sap_any\fC [static]\fR
.PP
Wild-card address.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.