.TH ACE_Dirent_Selector 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Dirent_Selector \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Dirent_Selector.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Dirent_Selector\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Dirent_Selector\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBlength\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the length of the list of matching directory entries.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdirent\fR* \fBoperator[]\fR (const int index) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the entry at <index>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBclose\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIFree up resources.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopen\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *dir, int (*selector)(const \fBdirent\fR *d) = 0, int (*comparator)(const \fBdirent\fR **d1, const \fBdirent\fR **d2) = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpen the director <dir> and populate the <namelist_> array with directory entries that match the <selector> and <comparator>.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdirent\fR** \fBnamelist_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPtr to the namelist array.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBn_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fI# of entries in the array.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Dirent_Selector::ACE_Dirent_Selector (void)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Dirent_Selector::~ACE_Dirent_Selector (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Dirent_Selector::close (void)
.PP
Free up resources.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Dirent_Selector::length (void) const
.PP
Return the length of the list of matching directory entries.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Dirent_Selector::open (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * dir, int(* selector)(const \fBdirent\fR *d) = 0, int(* comparator)(const \fBdirent\fR **d1,const \fBdirent\fR **d2) = 0)
.PP
Open the director <dir> and populate the <namelist_> array with directory entries that match the <selector> and <comparator>.
.PP
.SS \fBdirent\fR * ACE_Dirent_Selector::operator[] (const int index) const
.PP
Return the entry at <index>.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Dirent_Selector::n_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
# of entries in the array.
.PP
.SS \fBdirent\fR ** ACE_Dirent_Selector::namelist_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Ptr to the namelist array.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.