.TH ACE_Process_Descriptor 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Process_Descriptor \- Information describing each process that's controlled by an . 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Process_Manager.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Process_Descriptor\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault ctor/dtor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Process_Descriptor\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Process\fR* \fBprocess_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDescribes the process itself.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Event_Handler\fR* \fBexit_notify_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIfunction to call when process exits.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_Process_Manager\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Information describing each process that's controlled by an .
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Process_Descriptor::ACE_Process_Descriptor (void)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Default ctor/dtor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Process_Descriptor::~ACE_Process_Descriptor (void)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_Process_Descriptor::dump (void) const\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SH FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS class ACE_Process_Manager\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR * ACE_Process_Descriptor::exit_notify_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
function to call when process exits.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Process\fR * ACE_Process_Descriptor::process_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Describes the process itself.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.