.TH ACE_Dirent 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Dirent \- Define a portable C++ directory-entry iterator based on the POSIX API. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Dirent.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Dirent\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_EXPLICIT \fBACE_Dirent\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *dirname)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor calls <opendir>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopen\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *filename)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpens the directory named by filename and associates a directory stream with it.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Dirent\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor calls <closedir>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclose\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fICloses the directory stream and frees the  structure.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdirent\fR* \fBread\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBread\fR (struct \fBdirent\fR *entry, struct \fBdirent\fR **result)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBtell\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the current location associated with the directory stream.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBseek\fR (long loc)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBrewind\fR (void)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_DIR\fR* \fBdirp_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to the directory stream.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Define a portable C++ directory-entry iterator based on the POSIX API.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Dirent::ACE_Dirent (void)
.PP
Default constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_EXPLICIT ACE_Dirent::ACE_Dirent (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * dirname)
.PP
Constructor calls <opendir>.
.PP
.SS ACE_Dirent::~ACE_Dirent (void)
.PP
Destructor calls <closedir>.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_Dirent::close (void)
.PP
Closes the directory stream and frees the  structure.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Dirent::open (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * filename)
.PP
Opens the directory named by filename and associates a directory stream with it.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Dirent::read (struct \fBdirent\fR * entry, struct \fBdirent\fR ** result)
.PP
Has the equivalent functionality as <readdir> except that an <entry> and <result> buffer must be supplied by the caller to store the result. 
.SS \fBdirent\fR * ACE_Dirent::read (void)
.PP
Returns a pointer to a structure representing the directory entry at the current position in the directory stream to which dirp refers, and positions the directory stream at the next entry, except on read-only filesystems. It returns a NULL pointer upon reaching the end of the directory stream, or upon detecting an invalid location in the directory. <readdir> shall not return directory entries containing empty names. It is unspecified whether entries are returned for dot or dot-dot. The pointer returned by <readdir> points to data that may be overwritten by another call to <readdir> on the same directory stream. This data shall not be overwritten by another call to <readdir> on a different directory stream. <readdir> may buffer several directory entries per actual read operation; <readdir> marks for update the st_atime field of the directory each time the directory is actually read. 
.SS void ACE_Dirent::rewind (void)
.PP
Resets the position of the directory stream to the beginning of the directory. It also causes the directory stream to refer to the current state of the corresponding directory, as a call to <opendir> would. 
.SS void ACE_Dirent::seek (long loc)
.PP
Sets the position of the next <readdir> operation on the directory stream. The new position reverts to the position associated with the directory stream at the time the <telldir> operation that provides loc was performed. Values returned by <telldir> are good only for the lifetime of the  pointer from which they are derived. If the directory is closed and then reopened, the <telldir> value may be invalidated due to undetected directory compaction. It is safe to use a previous <telldir> value immediately after a call to <opendir> and before any calls to readdir. 
.SS long ACE_Dirent::tell (void)
.PP
Returns the current location associated with the directory stream.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_DIR\fR * ACE_Dirent::dirp_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Pointer to the directory stream.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.