.TH ACE_Based_Pointer_Repository 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Based_Pointer_Repository \- Maps pointers to the base address of the region to which each pointer belongs. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Based_Pointer_Repository.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Based_Pointer_Repository\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Based_Pointer_Repository\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBfind\fR (void *addr, void *&base_addr)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBbind\fR (void *addr, size_t size)"
.br
.RI "\fIBind a new entry to the repository or update the size of an existing entry. Returns 0 on success and -1 on failure.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBunbind\fR (void *addr)"
.br
.RI "\fIUnbind from the repository the <base_addr> that  is contained within.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Based_Pointer_Repository_Rep* \fBrep_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIUse the "Cheshire-Cat" technique to hide the implementation in order to avoid circular include dependencies.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Maps pointers to the base address of the region to which each pointer belongs.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Based_Pointer_Repository::ACE_Based_Pointer_Repository (void)
.PP
.SS ACE_Based_Pointer_Repository::~ACE_Based_Pointer_Repository (void)
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Based_Pointer_Repository::bind (void * addr, size_t size)
.PP
Bind a new entry to the repository or update the size of an existing entry. Returns 0 on success and -1 on failure.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Based_Pointer_Repository::find (void * addr, void *& base_addr)
.PP
Return the appropriate <base_addr> region that contains . Returns 1 on success and 0 if the  isn't contained in any <base_addr> region. 
.SS int ACE_Based_Pointer_Repository::unbind (void * addr)
.PP
Unbind from the repository the <base_addr> that  is contained within.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Based_Pointer_Repository_Rep * ACE_Based_Pointer_Repository::rep_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Use the "Cheshire-Cat" technique to hide the implementation in order to avoid circular include dependencies.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.