.TH ACE_Dumpable 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Dumpable \- Base class that defines a uniform interface for all object dumping. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Dump.h>\fR
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_Dumpable_Adapter\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Dumpable\fR (const void *)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdump\fR (void) const = 0"
.br
.RI "\fIThis pure virtual method must be filled in by a subclass.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Dumpable\fR (void)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const void* \fBthis_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to the object that is being stored.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_ODB\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_Dumpable_Ptr\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Base class that defines a uniform interface for all object dumping.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Dumpable::ACE_Dumpable (const void *)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SS virtual ACE_Dumpable::~ACE_Dumpable (void)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_Dumpable::dump (void) const\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
This pure virtual method must be filled in by a subclass.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Dumpable_Adapter\fR.
.SH FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS class ACE_Dumpable_Ptr\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
.SS class ACE_ODB\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS const void * ACE_Dumpable::this_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Pointer to the object that is being stored.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Dumpable_Adapter\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.