.TH ACE_Log_Msg_Backend 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Log_Msg_Backend \- Define the interface for \fBACE_Log_Msg\fR backend strategies. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Log_Msg_Backend.h>\fR
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_Log_Msg_IPC\fR, and \fBACE_Log_Msg_NT_Event_Log\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Log_Msg_Backend\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fINo-op virtual destructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBopen\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *logger_key) = 0"
.br
.RI "\fIOpen a new connection.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBreset\fR (void) = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBclose\fR (void) = 0"
.br
.RI "\fIClose the backend completely.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBlog\fR (\fBACE_Log_Record\fR &log_record) = 0"
.br
.RI "\fIBackend routine. This is called when we want to log a message. Since this routine is pure virtual, it must be overwritten by the subclass.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Define the interface for \fBACE_Log_Msg\fR backend strategies.
.PP
.PP
 The \fBACE_Log_Msg\fR class can log to multiple backend strategies, for example, some send messages to a remote logger, others dump to a file, or simply to stderr. In the future we could define interfaces that log to the syslog daemon (on UNIX), the Event log (on NT) a temporary ring buffer, etc. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Log_Msg_Backend::~ACE_Log_Msg_Backend (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
No-op virtual destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Log_Msg_Backend::close (void)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
Close the backend completely.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Log_Msg_IPC\fR, and \fBACE_Log_Msg_NT_Event_Log\fR.
.SS int ACE_Log_Msg_Backend::log (\fBACE_Log_Record\fR & log_record)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
Backend routine. This is called when we want to log a message. Since this routine is pure virtual, it must be overwritten by the subclass.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Log_Msg_IPC\fR, and \fBACE_Log_Msg_NT_Event_Log\fR.
.SS int ACE_Log_Msg_Backend::open (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * logger_key)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
Open a new connection.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Log_Msg_IPC\fR, and \fBACE_Log_Msg_NT_Event_Log\fR.
.SS virtual int ACE_Log_Msg_Backend::reset (void)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Log_Msg_IPC\fR, and \fBACE_Log_Msg_NT_Event_Log\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.