.TH ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_File 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_File \- This class is a factory for starting off asynchronous writes on a file. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <WIN32_Asynch_IO.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Asynch_Write_File_Impl\fR, and \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Stream\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_File\fR (\fBACE_WIN32_Proactor\fR *win32_proactor)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBwrite\fR (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR &message_block, u_long bytes_to_write, u_long offset, u_long offset_high, const void *act, int priority, int signal_number = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_File\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestrcutor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopen\fR (\fBACE_Handler\fR &handler, ACE_HANDLE handle, const void *completion_key, \fBACE_Proactor\fR *proactor)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcancel\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Proactor\fR* \fBproactor\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the underlying proactor.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBwrite\fR (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR &message_block, u_long bytes_to_write, const void *act, int priority, int signal_number = 0)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This class is a factory for starting off asynchronous writes on a file.
.PP
.PP
 Once <open> is called, multiple asynchronous <write>s can be started using this class. A \fBACE_Asynch_Write_File::Result\fR will be passed back to the <handler> when the asynchronous writes completes through the  callback. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_File::ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_File (\fBACE_WIN32_Proactor\fR * win32_proactor)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_File::~ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_File (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Destrcutor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_File::cancel (void)
.PP
This cancels all pending accepts operations that were issued by the calling thread. The function does not cancel asynchronous operations issued by other threads. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Stream\fR.
.SS int ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_File::open (\fBACE_Handler\fR & handler, ACE_HANDLE handle, const void * completion_key, \fBACE_Proactor\fR * proactor)
.PP
Initializes the factory with information which will be used with each asynchronous call. If (<handle> == ACE_INVALID_HANDLE),  will be called on the <handler> to get the correct handle. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Stream\fR.
.SS \fBACE_Proactor\fR * ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_File::proactor (void) const
.PP
Return the underlying proactor.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Stream\fR.
.SS int ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_File::write (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR & message_block, u_long bytes_to_write, const void * act, int priority, int signal_number = 0)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
This method belongs to \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Stream\fR. It is here to avoid compiler warnings. This method is forwarded to the \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Stream\fR class. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Stream\fR.
.SS int ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_File::write (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR & message_block, u_long bytes_to_write, u_long offset, u_long offset_high, const void * act, int priority, int signal_number = 0)
.PP
This starts off an asynchronous write. Upto <bytes_to_write> will be write and stored in the <message_block>. The write will start at <offset> from the beginning of the file. 

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.