.TH ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator \- Implements an iterator for a Red-Black Tree ADT. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <RB_Tree.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base< EXT_ID,INT_ID,COMPARE_KEYS,ACE_LOCK >\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_RB_Tree_Iterator\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_RB_Tree_Iterator\fR (const \fBACE_RB_Tree\fR<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK> &tree, int set_first = 1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBadvance\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIMove forward by one element in the tree. Returns 0 when all elements have been seen, else 1.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>& \fBoperator++\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIPrefix advance.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK> \fBoperator++\fR (int)"
.br
.RI "\fIPostfix advance.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>& \fBoperator--\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIPrefix reverse.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK> \fBoperator--\fR (int)"
.br
.RI "\fIPostfix reverse.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnext\fR (\fBACE_RB_Tree_Node\fR<EXT_ID, INT_ID> *&next_entry) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "EXT_ID* \fBkey\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIAccessor for key of node under iterator (if any). DEPRECATED.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "INT_ID* \fBitem\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIAccessor for item of node under iterator (if any). DEPRECATED.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBfirst\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIMove to the first item in the iteration (and in the tree). DEPRECATED.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBlast\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIMove to the last item in the iteration (and in the tree). DEPRECATED.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnext\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIMove to the next item in the iteration (and in the tree). DEPRECATED.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBprevious\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIMove to the previous item in the iteration (and in the tree). DEPRECATED.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBis_done\fR (void)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class EXT_ID, class INT_ID, class COMPARE_KEYS, class ACE_LOCK>  template class ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator
Implements an iterator for a Red-Black Tree ADT.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK> (void)
.PP
Create the singular iterator. It is illegal to deference the iterator, no valid iterator is equal to a singular iterator, etc. etc. 
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK> (const \fBACE_RB_Tree\fR< EXT_ID,INT_ID,COMPARE_KEYS,ACE_LOCK >& tree, int set_first = 1)
.PP
Constructor. Takes an \fBACE_RB_Tree\fR over which to iterate, and an integer indicating (if non-zero) to position the iterator at the first element in the tree (if this integer is 0, the iterator is positioned at the last element in the tree). 
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::~ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK> (void)
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> int ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::advance (void)
.PP
Move forward by one element in the tree. Returns 0 when all elements have been seen, else 1.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> void ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> int ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::first (void)
.PP
Move to the first item in the iteration (and in the tree). DEPRECATED.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> int ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::is_done (void)
.PP
Returns 0 if the iterator is positioned over a valid \fBACE_RB_Tree\fR node, returns 1 if not. DEPRECATED: use the base class <done> method instead. 
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> INT_ID * ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::item (void)
.PP
Accessor for item of node under iterator (if any). DEPRECATED.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> EXT_ID * ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::key (void)
.PP
Accessor for key of node under iterator (if any). DEPRECATED.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> int ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::last (void)
.PP
Move to the last item in the iteration (and in the tree). DEPRECATED.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> int ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::next (void)
.PP
Move to the next item in the iteration (and in the tree). DEPRECATED.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> int ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::next (\fBACE_RB_Tree_Node\fR< EXT_ID,INT_ID >*& next_entry) const
.PP
Passes back the <entry> under the iterator. Returns 0 if the iteration has completed, otherwise 1. This method must be declared and defined in both the derived forward and reverse iterator classes rather than in the base iterator class because of a method signature resolution problem caused by the existence of the deprecated next (void) method in the derived forward iterator class. When that deprecated method is removed, this method should be removed from the derived classes and placed in the base class. 
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator< EXT_ID,INT_ID,COMPARE_KEYS,ACE_LOCK > ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::operator++ (int)
.PP
Postfix advance.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator< EXT_ID,INT_ID,COMPARE_KEYS,ACE_LOCK >& ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::operator++ (void)
.PP
Prefix advance.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator< EXT_ID,INT_ID,COMPARE_KEYS,ACE_LOCK > ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::operator-- (int)
.PP
Postfix reverse.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator< EXT_ID,INT_ID,COMPARE_KEYS,ACE_LOCK >& ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::operator-- (void)
.PP
Prefix reverse.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> int ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::previous (void)
.PP
Move to the previous item in the iteration (and in the tree). DEPRECATED.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.