.TH ACE_LSOCK 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_LSOCK \- Create a Local \fBACE_SOCK\fR, which is used for passing file descriptors. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <LSOCK.h>\fR
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_LSOCK_CODgram\fR, \fBACE_LSOCK_Dgram\fR, and \fBACE_LSOCK_Stream\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_LSOCK\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_LSOCK\fR (ACE_HANDLE handle)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialize based on <handle>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBget_handle\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet handle.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_handle\fR (ACE_HANDLE handle)"
.br
.RI "\fISet handle.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBaux_handle_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIAn auxiliary handle used to avoid virtual base classes...\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Create a Local \fBACE_SOCK\fR, which is used for passing file descriptors.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_LSOCK::ACE_LSOCK (void)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Default constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_LSOCK::ACE_LSOCK (ACE_HANDLE handle)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Initialize based on <handle>.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_LSOCK::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_LSOCK_CODgram\fR, \fBACE_LSOCK_Dgram\fR, and \fBACE_LSOCK_Stream\fR.
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_LSOCK::get_handle (void) const\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Get handle.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_LSOCK_CODgram\fR, \fBACE_LSOCK_Dgram\fR, and \fBACE_LSOCK_Stream\fR.
.SS void ACE_LSOCK::set_handle (ACE_HANDLE fd)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Set handle.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_LSOCK_CODgram\fR, \fBACE_LSOCK_Dgram\fR, and \fBACE_LSOCK_Stream\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_LSOCK::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_LSOCK_CODgram\fR, \fBACE_LSOCK_Dgram\fR, and \fBACE_LSOCK_Stream\fR.
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_LSOCK::aux_handle_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
An auxiliary handle used to avoid virtual base classes...
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.