.TH ACE_Service_Handler 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Service_Handler \- This base class defines the interface for the \fBACE_Asynch_Acceptor\fR to call into when new connection are accepted. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Asynch_IO.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Handler\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Service_Handler\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIA do nothing constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Service_Handler\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIVirtual destruction.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBopen\fR (ACE_HANDLE new_handle, \fBACE_Message_Block\fR &message_block)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBaddresses\fR (const \fBACE_INET_Addr\fR &remote_address, const \fBACE_INET_Addr\fR &local_address)"
.br
.RI "\fICalled by \fBACE_Asynch_Acceptor\fR to pass the addresses of the new connections.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBact\fR (const void *)"
.br
.RI "\fICalled by \fBACE_Asynch_Acceptor\fR to pass the act.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_Asynch_Acceptor< ACE_Service_Handler >\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This base class defines the interface for the \fBACE_Asynch_Acceptor\fR to call into when new connection are accepted.
.PP
.PP
 Subclasses of this class will fill in appropriate methods to define application specific behavior. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Service_Handler::ACE_Service_Handler (void)
.PP
A do nothing constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Service_Handler::~ACE_Service_Handler (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Virtual destruction.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_Service_Handler::act (const void *)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Called by \fBACE_Asynch_Acceptor\fR to pass the act.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Service_Handler::addresses (const \fBACE_INET_Addr\fR & remote_address, const \fBACE_INET_Addr\fR & local_address)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Called by \fBACE_Asynch_Acceptor\fR to pass the addresses of the new connections.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Service_Handler::open (ACE_HANDLE new_handle, \fBACE_Message_Block\fR & message_block)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
<open> is called by \fBACE_Asynch_Acceptor\fR to initialize a new instance of ACE_Service_Handler that has been created after the a new connection is accepted. The handle for the new connection is passed along with an initial data that may have shown up. 
.SH FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS class \fBACE_Asynch_Acceptor\fR\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
The Acceptor is the factory and therefore should have special privileges.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.