.TH ACE_Typed_SV_Message 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Typed_SV_Message \- Defines the header file for the C++ wrapper for System V message queues. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Typed_SV_Message.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Typed_SV_Message\fR (long type = 0, int length = sizeof (T), int max_size = sizeof (T))"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Typed_SV_Message\fR (const T &data, long type = 0, int length = sizeof (T), int max_size = sizeof (T))"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Typed_SV_Message\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBtype\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBtype\fR (long type)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBlength\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBlength\fR (int l)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmax_size\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBmax_size\fR (int m)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "T& \fBdata\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdata\fR (const T &data)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBtype_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIType of message.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBlength_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fILength of this message.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmax_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIMaximum length of any message.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "T \fBdata_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIData stored in a message.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class T>  template class ACE_Typed_SV_Message
Defines the header file for the C++ wrapper for System V message queues.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT> ACE_Typed_SV_Message<T>::ACE_Typed_SV_Message<T> (long type = 0, int length = sizeof (T), int max_size = sizeof (T))
.PP
.SS template<classT> ACE_Typed_SV_Message<T>::ACE_Typed_SV_Message<T> (const T & data, long type = 0, int length = sizeof (T), int max_size = sizeof (T))
.PP
.SS template<classT> ACE_Typed_SV_Message<T>::~ACE_Typed_SV_Message<T> (void)
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT> void ACE_Typed_SV_Message<T>::data (const T & data)
.PP
.SS template<classT> T& ACE_Typed_SV_Message<T>::data (void)
.PP
.SS template<classT> void ACE_Typed_SV_Message<T>::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS template<classT> void ACE_Typed_SV_Message<T>::length (int l)
.PP
.SS template<classT> int ACE_Typed_SV_Message<T>::length (void) const
.PP
.SS template<classT> void ACE_Typed_SV_Message<T>::max_size (int m)
.PP
.SS template<classT> int ACE_Typed_SV_Message<T>::max_size (void) const
.PP
.SS template<classT> void ACE_Typed_SV_Message<T>::type (long type)
.PP
.SS template<classT> long ACE_Typed_SV_Message<T>::type (void) const
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT> ACE_Typed_SV_Message<T>::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
.SS template<classT> T ACE_Typed_SV_Message<T>::data_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Data stored in a message.
.PP
.SS template<classT> int ACE_Typed_SV_Message<T>::length_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Length of this message.
.PP
.SS template<classT> int ACE_Typed_SV_Message<T>::max_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Maximum length of any message.
.PP
.SS template<classT> long ACE_Typed_SV_Message<T>::type_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Type of message.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.