.TH ACE_Asynch_Operation 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Asynch_Operation \- This is an interface base class for all asynch operations. The resposiblility of this class is to forward all methods to its delegation/implementation class, e.g.,  or . 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Asynch_IO.h>\fR
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_Asynch_Accept\fR, \fBACE_Asynch_Read_Dgram\fR, \fBACE_Asynch_Read_Stream\fR, \fBACE_Asynch_Transmit_File\fR, \fBACE_Asynch_Write_Dgram\fR, and \fBACE_Asynch_Write_Stream\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopen\fR (\fBACE_Handler\fR &handler, ACE_HANDLE handle, const void *completion_key, \fBACE_Proactor\fR *proactor)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcancel\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Proactor\fR* \fBproactor\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the underlying proactor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Asynch_Operation\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Asynch_Operation\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Asynch_Operation_Impl\fR* \fBimplementation\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the underlying implementation class.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBimplementation\fR (\fBACE_Asynch_Operation_Impl\fR *implementation)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the implementation class.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Proactor\fR* \fBget_proactor\fR (\fBACE_Proactor\fR *user_proactor, \fBACE_Handler\fR &handler) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet a proactor for/from the user.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Asynch_Operation_Impl\fR* \fBimplementation_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIImplementation class.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This is an interface base class for all asynch operations. The resposiblility of this class is to forward all methods to its delegation/implementation class, e.g.,  or .
.PP
.PP
 There are some attributes and functionality which is common to all asychronous operations. The delegation classes of this class will factor out this code. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Asynch_Operation::~ACE_Asynch_Operation (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Asynch_Operation::ACE_Asynch_Operation (void)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Asynch_Operation::cancel (void)
.PP
(Attempts to) cancel the asynchronous operation pending against the <handle> registered with this Operation.
.PP
All completion notifications for the I/O operations will occur normally.
.PP
= Return Values:
.PP
-1 : Operation failed. (can get only in POSIX). 0 : All the operations were cancelled. 1 : All the operations were already finished in this handle. Unable to cancel them. 2 : Atleast one of the requested operations cannot be cancelled.
.PP
There is slight difference in the semantics between NT and POSIX platforms which is given below.
.PP
= Win32 :
.PP
cancels all pending accepts operations that were issued by the calling thread. The function does not cancel asynchronous operations issued by other threads. All I/O operations that are canceled will complete with the error ERROR_OPERATION_ABORTED.
.PP
= POSIX:
.PP
Attempts to cancel one or more asynchronous I/O requests currently outstanding against the <handle> registered in this operation. For requested operations that are successfully canceled, the associated error status is set to ECANCELED. 
.SS \fBACE_Proactor\fR * ACE_Asynch_Operation::get_proactor (\fBACE_Proactor\fR * user_proactor, \fBACE_Handler\fR & handler) const\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Get a proactor for/from the user.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Asynch_Operation::implementation (\fBACE_Asynch_Operation_Impl\fR * implementation)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Set the implementation class.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Asynch_Operation_Impl\fR * ACE_Asynch_Operation::implementation (void) const\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Return the underlying implementation class.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Asynch_Read_Stream\fR, \fBACE_Asynch_Write_Stream\fR, \fBACE_Asynch_Read_File\fR, \fBACE_Asynch_Write_File\fR, \fBACE_Asynch_Accept\fR, \fBACE_Asynch_Transmit_File\fR, \fBACE_Asynch_Read_Dgram\fR, and \fBACE_Asynch_Write_Dgram\fR.
.SS int ACE_Asynch_Operation::open (\fBACE_Handler\fR & handler, ACE_HANDLE handle, const void * completion_key, \fBACE_Proactor\fR * proactor)
.PP
Initializes the factory with information which will be used with each asynchronous call. If (<handle> == ACE_INVALID_HANDLE),  will be called on the <handler> to get the correct handle. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Asynch_Read_Stream\fR, \fBACE_Asynch_Write_Stream\fR, \fBACE_Asynch_Read_File\fR, \fBACE_Asynch_Write_File\fR, \fBACE_Asynch_Accept\fR, \fBACE_Asynch_Transmit_File\fR, \fBACE_Asynch_Read_Dgram\fR, and \fBACE_Asynch_Write_Dgram\fR.
.SS \fBACE_Proactor\fR * ACE_Asynch_Operation::proactor (void) const
.PP
Return the underlying proactor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_Asynch_Operation_Impl\fR * ACE_Asynch_Operation::implementation_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Implementation class.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Asynch_Read_Stream\fR, \fBACE_Asynch_Write_Stream\fR, \fBACE_Asynch_Read_File\fR, \fBACE_Asynch_Write_File\fR, \fBACE_Asynch_Accept\fR, \fBACE_Asynch_Transmit_File\fR, \fBACE_Asynch_Read_Dgram\fR, and \fBACE_Asynch_Write_Dgram\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.