.TH ACE_DLL_Strategy 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_DLL_Strategy \- Defines the interface for specifying a creation strategy for a SVC_HANDLER based on dynamic linking of the SVC_HANDLER. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Strategies_T.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Creation_Strategy< SVC_HANDLER >\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_DLL_Strategy\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fI"Do-nothing" constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_DLL_Strategy\fR (const char dll_name[], const char factory_function[], const char svc_name[], \fBACE_Service_Repository\fR *, \fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR * = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialize the DLL strategy based upon the service's DLL information contained in the <svc_dll_info> string.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopen\fR (const char dll_name[], const char factory_function[], const char svc_name[], \fBACE_Service_Repository\fR *, \fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR * = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialize the DLL strategy based upon the service's DLL information contained in the <svc_dll_info> string.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBmake_svc_handler\fR (SVC_HANDLER *&)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a SVC_HANDLER by dynamically linking it from a DLL. Returns -1 on failure, else 0.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBACE_Creation_Strategy\fR<SVC_HANDLER> \fBinherited\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBdll_name_\fR [MAXPATHLEN + 1]"
.br
.RI "\fIName of the DLL to dynamically link.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBfactory_function_\fR [MAXPATHLEN + 1]"
.br
.RI "\fIName of the factory function in the shared library to use to obtain a pointer to the new SVC_HANDLER.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBsvc_name_\fR [MAXNAMELEN + 1]"
.br
.RI "\fIName of the service.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Service_Repository\fR* \fBsvc_rep_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to the <Service_Repository>.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class SVC_HANDLER>  template class ACE_DLL_Strategy
Defines the interface for specifying a creation strategy for a SVC_HANDLER based on dynamic linking of the SVC_HANDLER.
.PP
.SH MEMBER TYPEDEF DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> typedef \fBACE_Creation_Strategy\fR<SVC_HANDLER> ACE_DLL_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::inherited\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> ACE_DLL_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::ACE_DLL_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER> (void)
.PP
"Do-nothing" constructor.
.PP
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> ACE_DLL_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::ACE_DLL_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER> (const char dll_name[], const char factory_function[], const char svc_name[], \fBACE_Service_Repository\fR *, \fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR * = 0)
.PP
Initialize the DLL strategy based upon the service's DLL information contained in the <svc_dll_info> string.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> void ACE_DLL_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Creation_Strategy\fR.
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> int ACE_DLL_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::make_svc_handler (SVC_HANDLER *& sh)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Create a SVC_HANDLER by dynamically linking it from a DLL. Returns -1 on failure, else 0.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Creation_Strategy\fR.
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> int ACE_DLL_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::open (const char dll_name[], const char factory_function[], const char svc_name[], \fBACE_Service_Repository\fR *, \fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR * = 0)
.PP
Initialize the DLL strategy based upon the service's DLL information contained in the <svc_dll_info> string.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> ACE_DLL_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Creation_Strategy\fR.
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> char ACE_DLL_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::dll_name_[MAXPATHLEN+1]\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Name of the DLL to dynamically link.
.PP
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> char ACE_DLL_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::factory_function_[MAXPATHLEN+1]\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Name of the factory function in the shared library to use to obtain a pointer to the new SVC_HANDLER.
.PP
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> char ACE_DLL_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::svc_name_[MAXNAMELEN+1]\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Name of the service.
.PP
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> \fBACE_Service_Repository\fR * ACE_DLL_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::svc_rep_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Pointer to the <Service_Repository>.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.