.TH ACE_PI_Control_Block 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_PI_Control_Block \- This information is stored in memory allocated by the <Memory_Pool>. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <PI_Malloc.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBACE_Based_Pointer\fR<\fBACE_Malloc_Header\fR> \fBMALLOC_HEADER_PTR\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBACE_Based_Pointer\fR<\fBACE_Name_Node\fR> \fBNAME_NODE_PTR\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBACE_Based_Pointer_Basic\fR<char> \fBCHAR_PTR\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of the object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBref_counter_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIReference counter.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNAME_NODE_PTR\fR \fBname_head_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIHead of the linked list of Name Nodes.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMALLOC_HEADER_PTR\fR \fBfreep_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fICurrent head of the freelist.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBlock_name_\fR [MAXNAMELEN]"
.br
.RI "\fIName of lock thats ensures mutual exclusion.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBalign_\fR [ACE_PI_CONTROL_BLOCK_ALIGN_LONGS < 1 ? 1 : ACE_PI_CONTROL_BLOCK_ALIGN_LONGS]"
.br
.RI "\fIForce alignment.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Malloc_Header\fR \fBbase_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDummy node used to anchor the freelist. This needs to come last...\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBprint_alignment_info\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIPrint out a bunch of size info for debugging.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator=\fR (const \fBACE_Control_Block\fR &)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This information is stored in memory allocated by the <Memory_Pool>.
.PP
.PP
 This class implements the control block structure that can be used in a "position indepent" fashion, i.e., you don't need to "map" the underlying memory pool to the same address in processes sharing the memory. The tradoff of this flexibility is more expensive malloc/free operations. 
.PP
.SH MEMBER TYPEDEF DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS typedef \fBACE_Based_Pointer_Basic\fR<char> ACE_PI_Control_Block::CHAR_PTR
.PP
.SS typedef \fBACE_Based_Pointer\fR<\fBACE_Malloc_Header\fR> ACE_PI_Control_Block::MALLOC_HEADER_PTR
.PP
.SS typedef \fBACE_Based_Pointer\fR<\fBACE_Name_Node\fR> ACE_PI_Control_Block::NAME_NODE_PTR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_PI_Control_Block::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of the object.
.PP
.SS void ACE_PI_Control_Block::operator= (const \fBACE_Control_Block\fR &)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SS void ACE_PI_Control_Block::print_alignment_info (void)\fC [static]\fR
.PP
Print out a bunch of size info for debugging.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS long ACE_PI_Control_Block::align_[ACE_PI_CONTROL_BLOCK_ALIGN_LONGS< 1?1:ACE_PI_CONTROL_BLOCK_ALIGN_LONGS]
.PP
Force alignment.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Malloc_Header\fR ACE_PI_Control_Block::base_
.PP
Dummy node used to anchor the freelist. This needs to come last...
.PP
.SS \fBMALLOC_HEADER_PTR\fR ACE_PI_Control_Block::freep_
.PP
Current head of the freelist.
.PP
.SS char ACE_PI_Control_Block::lock_name_[MAXNAMELEN]
.PP
Name of lock thats ensures mutual exclusion.
.PP
.SS \fBNAME_NODE_PTR\fR ACE_PI_Control_Block::name_head_
.PP
Head of the linked list of Name Nodes.
.PP
.SS int ACE_PI_Control_Block::ref_counter_
.PP
Reference counter.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.