.TH ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result \- This is class provides concrete implementation for \fBACE_Asynch_Write_Dgram::Result\fR class. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <WIN32_Asynch_IO.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result_Impl\fR, and \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Result\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBbytes_to_write\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIThe number of bytes which were requested at the start of the asynchronous write.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Message_Block\fR* \fBmessage_block\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIMessage block which contains the sent data.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBflags\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIThe flags using in the write.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBhandle\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fII/O handle used for writing.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBbytes_transferred\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fINumber of bytes transferred by the operation.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const void* \fBact\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIACT associated with the operation.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsuccess\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDid the operation succeed?\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const void* \fBcompletion_key\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBerror\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIError value if the operation fail.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBevent\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIEvent associated with the \fBOVERLAPPED\fR structure.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBoffset\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIThis really make sense only when doing file I/O.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBoffset_high\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIOffset_high associated with the \fBOVERLAPPED\fR structure.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBpriority\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIThe priority of the asynchronous operation. Currently, this is not supported on Win32.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsignal_number\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fINo-op. Returns 0.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBpost_completion\fR (\fBACE_Proactor_Impl\fR *proactor)"
.br
.RI "\fIPost <this> to the Proactor's completion port.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result\fR (\fBACE_Handler\fR &handler, ACE_HANDLE handle, \fBACE_Message_Block\fR *message_block, size_t bytes_to_write, int flags, const void* act, ACE_HANDLE event, int priority, int signal_number = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBcomplete\fR (u_long bytes_transferred, int success, const void *completion_key, u_long error)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBACE_Proactor\fR will call this method when the write completes.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBbytes_to_write_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe number of bytes which were requested at the start of the asynchronous write.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Message_Block\fR* \fBmessage_block_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIMessage block used for the send.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBflags_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe flags using in the write.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBhandle_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fII/O handle used for writing.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_WIN32_Proactor\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This is class provides concrete implementation for \fBACE_Asynch_Write_Dgram::Result\fR class.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result::ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result (\fBACE_Handler\fR & handler, ACE_HANDLE handle, \fBACE_Message_Block\fR * message_block, size_t bytes_to_write, int flags, const void * act, ACE_HANDLE event, int priority, int signal_number = 0)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
.SS ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result::~ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result (void)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS const void * ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result::act (void) const
.PP
ACT associated with the operation.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Result\fR.
.SS u_long ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result::bytes_to_write (void) const
.PP
The number of bytes which were requested at the start of the asynchronous write.
.PP
.SS u_long ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result::bytes_transferred (void) const
.PP
Number of bytes transferred by the operation.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Result\fR.
.SS void ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result::complete (u_long bytes_transferred, int success, const void * completion_key, u_long error)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
\fBACE_Proactor\fR will call this method when the write completes.
.PP
.SS const void * ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result::completion_key (void) const
.PP
This returns the ACT associated with the handle when it was registered with the I/O completion port. This ACT is not the same as the ACT associated with the asynchronous operation. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Result\fR.
.SS u_long ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result::error (void) const
.PP
Error value if the operation fail.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Result\fR.
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result::event (void) const
.PP
Event associated with the \fBOVERLAPPED\fR structure.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Result\fR.
.SS int ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result::flags (void) const
.PP
The flags using in the write.
.PP
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result::handle (void) const
.PP
I/O handle used for writing.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Message_Block\fR * ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result::message_block (void) const
.PP
Message block which contains the sent data.
.PP
.SS u_long ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result::offset (void) const
.PP
This really make sense only when doing file I/O.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Result\fR.
.SS u_long ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result::offset_high (void) const
.PP
Offset_high associated with the \fBOVERLAPPED\fR structure.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Result\fR.
.SS int ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result::post_completion (\fBACE_Proactor_Impl\fR * proactor)
.PP
Post <this> to the Proactor's completion port.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Result\fR.
.SS int ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result::priority (void) const
.PP
The priority of the asynchronous operation. Currently, this is not supported on Win32.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Result\fR.
.SS int ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result::signal_number (void) const
.PP
No-op. Returns 0.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Result\fR.
.SS int ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result::success (void) const
.PP
Did the operation succeed?
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Result\fR.
.SH FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS class ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
Factory class willl have special permissions.
.PP
.SS class ACE_WIN32_Proactor\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
Proactor class has special permission.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Result\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS u_long ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result::bytes_to_write_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
The number of bytes which were requested at the start of the asynchronous write.
.PP
.SS int ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result::flags_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
The flags using in the write.
.PP
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result::handle_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
I/O handle used for writing.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Message_Block\fR * ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result::message_block_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Message block used for the send.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.