.TH ACE_Method_Request 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Method_Request \- Reifies a method into a request. Subclasses provide the necessary state and behavior. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Method_Request.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Method_Request\fR (u_long priority = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Method_Request\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBpriority\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet priority.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBpriority\fR (u_long)"
.br
.RI "\fISet priority.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBcall\fR (void) = 0"
.br
.RI "\fIInvoked when the <Method_Request> is scheduled to run.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBpriority_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe priority of the request.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator=\fR (const ACE_Method_Request &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Method_Request\fR (const ACE_Method_Request &)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Reifies a method into a request. Subclasses provide the necessary state and behavior.
.PP
.PP
 A <Method_Request> is inserted in the , where it is subsequently removed by a <Scheduler>, which invokes the <call> method. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Method_Request::ACE_Method_Request (u_long priority = 0)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Method_Request::~ACE_Method_Request (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Method_Request::ACE_Method_Request (const ACE_Method_Request &)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Method_Request::call (void)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
Invoked when the <Method_Request> is scheduled to run.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Method_Request::operator= (const ACE_Method_Request &)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SS void ACE_Method_Request::priority (u_long)
.PP
Set priority.
.PP
.SS u_long ACE_Method_Request::priority (void) const
.PP
Get priority.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS u_long ACE_Method_Request::priority_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
The priority of the request.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.