.TH ACE_recursive_thread_mutex_t 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_recursive_thread_mutex_t \- Implement a thin C++ wrapper that allows nested acquisition and release of a mutex that occurs in the same thread. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <OS.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_thread_mutex_t \fBnesting_mutex_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIGuards the state of the nesting level and thread id.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_cond_t \fBlock_available_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThis condition variable suspends other waiting threads until the mutex is available.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnesting_level_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fICurrent nesting level of the recursion.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_thread_t\fR \fBowner_id_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fICurrent owner of the lock.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Implement a thin C++ wrapper that allows nested acquisition and release of a mutex that occurs in the same thread.
.PP
.PP
 This implementation is based on an algorithm sketched by Dave Butenhof <butenhof@zko.dec.com>. Naturally, I take the credit for any mistakes ;-) 
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_cond_t ACE_recursive_thread_mutex_t::lock_available_
.PP
This condition variable suspends other waiting threads until the mutex is available.
.PP
.SS int ACE_recursive_thread_mutex_t::nesting_level_
.PP
Current nesting level of the recursion.
.PP
.SS ACE_thread_mutex_t ACE_recursive_thread_mutex_t::nesting_mutex_
.PP
Guards the state of the nesting level and thread id.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_thread_t\fR ACE_recursive_thread_mutex_t::owner_id_
.PP
Current owner of the lock.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.