.TH ACE_Locked_Free_List 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Locked_Free_List \- Implements a free list. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Free_List.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Free_List< T >\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Locked_Free_List\fR (int mode = ACE_FREE_LIST_WITH_POOL, size_t prealloc = ACE_DEFAULT_FREE_LIST_PREALLOC, size_t lwm = ACE_DEFAULT_FREE_LIST_LWM, size_t hwm = ACE_DEFAULT_FREE_LIST_HWM, size_t inc = ACE_DEFAULT_FREE_LIST_INC)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Locked_Free_List\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor - removes all the elements from the free_list.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBadd\fR (T *element)"
.br
.RI "\fIInserts an element onto the free list (if it isn't past the high water mark).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual T* \fBremove\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fITakes a element off the freelist and returns it. It creates <inc> new elements if the size is at or below the low water mark.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual size_t \fBsize\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the current size of the free list.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBresize\fR (size_t newsize)"
.br
.RI "\fIResizes the free list to <newsize>.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBalloc\fR (size_t n)"
.br
.RI "\fIAllocates <n> extra nodes for the freelist.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdealloc\fR (size_t n)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemoves and frees <n> nodes from the freelist.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmode_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIFree list operation mode, either ACE_FREE_LIST_WITH_POOL or ACE_PURE_FREE_LIST.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "T* \fBfree_list_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to the first node in the freelist.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBlwm_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fILow water mark.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBhwm_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIHigh water mark.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBinc_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIIncrement value.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBsize_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIKeeps track of the size of the list.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_LOCK \fBmutex_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fISynchronization variable for .\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Locked_Free_List\fR (const ACE_Locked_Free_List<T, ACE_LOCK> &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator=\fR (const ACE_Locked_Free_List<T, ACE_LOCK> &)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class T, class ACE_LOCK>  template class ACE_Locked_Free_List
Implements a free list.
.PP
.PP
 This class maintains a free list of nodes of type T. It depends on the type T having a <get_next> and <set_next> method. It maintains a mutex so the freelist can be used in a multithreaded program . 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT, classACE_LOCK> ACE_Locked_Free_List<T, ACE_LOCK>::ACE_Locked_Free_List<T, ACE_LOCK> (int mode = ACE_FREE_LIST_WITH_POOL, size_t prealloc = ACE_DEFAULT_FREE_LIST_PREALLOC, size_t lwm = ACE_DEFAULT_FREE_LIST_LWM, size_t hwm = ACE_DEFAULT_FREE_LIST_HWM, size_t inc = ACE_DEFAULT_FREE_LIST_INC)
.PP
Constructor takes a <mode> (i.e., ACE_FREE_LIST_WITH_POOL or ACE_PURE_FREE_LIST), a count of the number of nodes to <prealloc>, a low and high water mark (<lwm> and <hwm>) that indicate when to allocate more nodes, an increment value (<inc>) that indicates how many nodes to allocate when the list must grow. 
.SS template<classT, classACE_LOCK> ACE_Locked_Free_List<T, ACE_LOCK>::~ACE_Locked_Free_List<T, ACE_LOCK> (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Destructor - removes all the elements from the free_list.
.PP
.SS template<classT, classACE_LOCK> ACE_Locked_Free_List<T, ACE_LOCK>::ACE_Locked_Free_List<T, ACE_LOCK> (const ACE_Locked_Free_List< T,ACE_LOCK >&)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT, classACE_LOCK> void ACE_Locked_Free_List<T, ACE_LOCK>::add (T * element)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Inserts an element onto the free list (if it isn't past the high water mark).
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Free_List\fR.
.SS template<classT, classACE_LOCK> void ACE_Locked_Free_List<T, ACE_LOCK>::alloc (size_t n)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
Allocates <n> extra nodes for the freelist.
.PP
.SS template<classT, classACE_LOCK> void ACE_Locked_Free_List<T, ACE_LOCK>::dealloc (size_t n)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
Removes and frees <n> nodes from the freelist.
.PP
.SS template<classT, classACE_LOCK> void ACE_Locked_Free_List<T, ACE_LOCK>::operator= (const ACE_Locked_Free_List< T,ACE_LOCK >&)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SS template<classT, classACE_LOCK> T * ACE_Locked_Free_List<T, ACE_LOCK>::remove (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Takes a element off the freelist and returns it. It creates <inc> new elements if the size is at or below the low water mark.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Free_List\fR.
.SS template<classT, classACE_LOCK> void ACE_Locked_Free_List<T, ACE_LOCK>::resize (size_t newsize)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Resizes the free list to <newsize>.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Free_List\fR.
.SS template<classT, classACE_LOCK> size_t ACE_Locked_Free_List<T, ACE_LOCK>::size (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Returns the current size of the free list.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Free_List\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT, classACE_LOCK> T * ACE_Locked_Free_List<T, ACE_LOCK>::free_list_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Pointer to the first node in the freelist.
.PP
.SS template<classT, classACE_LOCK> size_t ACE_Locked_Free_List<T, ACE_LOCK>::hwm_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
High water mark.
.PP
.SS template<classT, classACE_LOCK> size_t ACE_Locked_Free_List<T, ACE_LOCK>::inc_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Increment value.
.PP
.SS template<classT, classACE_LOCK> size_t ACE_Locked_Free_List<T, ACE_LOCK>::lwm_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Low water mark.
.PP
.SS template<classT, classACE_LOCK> int ACE_Locked_Free_List<T, ACE_LOCK>::mode_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Free list operation mode, either ACE_FREE_LIST_WITH_POOL or ACE_PURE_FREE_LIST.
.PP
.SS template<classT, classACE_LOCK> ACE_LOCK ACE_Locked_Free_List<T, ACE_LOCK>::mutex_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Synchronization variable for .
.PP
.SS template<classT, classACE_LOCK> size_t ACE_Locked_Free_List<T, ACE_LOCK>::size_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Keeps track of the size of the list.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.