.TH ACE_Errno_Guard 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Errno_Guard \- Provides a wrapper to improve performance when thread-specific errno must be saved and restored in a block of code. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <OS_Errno.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Errno_Guard\fR (ACE_ERRNO_TYPE &errno_ref, int error)"
.br
.RI "\fIStash the value of <error> into <error_> and initialize the <errno_ptr_> to the address of <errno_ref>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Errno_Guard\fR (ACE_ERRNO_TYPE &errno_ref)"
.br
.RI "\fIStash the value of <errno> into <error_> and initialize the <errno_ptr_> to the address of <errno_ref>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Errno_Guard\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIReset the value of <errno> to <error>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator=\fR (int error)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssign <error> to <error_>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator==\fR (int error)"
.br
.RI "\fICompare <error> with <error_> for equality.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator!=\fR (int error)"
.br
.RI "\fICompare <error> with <error_> for inequality.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBerror_\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Provides a wrapper to improve performance when thread-specific errno must be saved and restored in a block of code.
.PP
.PP
 The typical use-case for this is the following: int error = errno; call_some_function_that_might_change_errno (); errno = error; This can be replaced with { ACE_Errno_Guard guard (errno); call_some_function_that_might_change_errno (); } This implementation is more elegant and more efficient since it avoids an unnecessary second access to thread-specific storage by caching a pointer to the value of errno in TSS. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Errno_Guard::ACE_Errno_Guard (ACE_ERRNO_TYPE & errno_ref, int error)
.PP
Stash the value of <error> into <error_> and initialize the <errno_ptr_> to the address of <errno_ref>.
.PP
.SS ACE_Errno_Guard::ACE_Errno_Guard (ACE_ERRNO_TYPE & errno_ref)
.PP
Stash the value of <errno> into <error_> and initialize the <errno_ptr_> to the address of <errno_ref>.
.PP
.SS ACE_Errno_Guard::~ACE_Errno_Guard (void)
.PP
Reset the value of <errno> to <error>.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Errno_Guard::operator!= (int error)
.PP
Compare <error> with <error_> for inequality.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Errno_Guard::operator= (int error)
.PP
Assign <error> to <error_>.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Errno_Guard::operator== (int error)
.PP
Compare <error> with <error_> for equality.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Errno_Guard::error_\fC [private]\fR
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.