.TH ACE_Registry::Binding 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Registry::Binding \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Registry.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBinding\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIEmpty (default) constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBinding\fR (const \fBName\fR &binding_name, \fBBinding_Type\fR binding_type)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor (Name version).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBinding\fR (const ACE_TString &binding_name, \fBBinding_Type\fR binding_type)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor (String version).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator==\fR (const Binding &rhs) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator!=\fR (const Binding &rhs) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBname\fR (\fBName\fR &name)"
.br
.RI "\fIName accessor (Name version).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBname\fR (ACE_TString &name)"
.br
.RI "\fIName accessors (String version).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_TString \fBname\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBinding_Type\fR \fBtype\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIType accessor.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_TString \fBname_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIA binding has a name.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBinding_Type\fR \fBtype_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fI.... and a type.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Registry::Binding::Binding (void)
.PP
Empty (default) constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Registry::Binding::Binding (const \fBName\fR & binding_name, \fBBinding_Type\fR binding_type)
.PP
Constructor (Name version).
.PP
.SS ACE_Registry::Binding::Binding (const ACE_TString & binding_name, \fBBinding_Type\fR binding_type)
.PP
Constructor (String version).
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_TString ACE_Registry::Binding::name (void)
.PP
.SS void ACE_Registry::Binding::name (ACE_TString & name)
.PP
Name accessors (String version).
.PP
.SS void ACE_Registry::Binding::name (\fBName\fR & name)
.PP
Name accessor (Name version).
.PP
.SS int ACE_Registry::Binding::operator!= (const Binding & rhs) const
.PP
.SS int ACE_Registry::Binding::operator== (const Binding & rhs) const
.PP
.SS \fBBinding_Type\fR ACE_Registry::Binding::type (void)
.PP
Type accessor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_TString ACE_Registry::Binding::name_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
A binding has a name.
.PP
.SS \fBBinding_Type\fR ACE_Registry::Binding::type_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.... and a type.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.