.TH ACE_Tokenizer 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Tokenizer \- Tokenizer. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <SString.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum { \fBMAX_DELIMITERS\fR = 16, \fBMAX_PRESERVES\fR = 16 }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Tokenizer\fR (\fBACE_TCHAR\fR *buffer)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdelimiter\fR (\fBACE_TCHAR\fR d)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdelimiter_replace\fR (\fBACE_TCHAR\fR d, \fBACE_TCHAR\fR replacement)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBpreserve_designators\fR (\fBACE_TCHAR\fR start, \fBACE_TCHAR\fR stop, int strip=1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_TCHAR\fR* \fBnext\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the next token.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBis_delimiter\fR (\fBACE_TCHAR\fR d, int &replace, \fBACE_TCHAR\fR &r)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns 1 if <d> is a delimiter, 0 otherwise. If <d> should be replaced with <r>, <replace> is set to 1, otherwise 0.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBis_preserve_designator\fR (\fBACE_TCHAR\fR start, \fBACE_TCHAR\fR &stop, int &strip)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_TCHAR\fR* \fBbuffer_\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBindex_\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPreserve_Entry\fR \fBpreserves_\fR [MAX_PRESERVES]"
.br
.RI "\fIThe application can specify MAX_PRESERVES preserve designators.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBpreserves_index_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to the next free spot in preserves_.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDelimiter_Entry\fR \fBdelimiters_\fR [MAX_DELIMITERS]"
.br
.RI "\fIThe tokenizer allows MAX_DELIMITERS number of delimiters.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdelimiter_index_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to the next free space in delimiters_.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Tokenizer.
.PP
.PP
 Tokenizes a buffer. Allows application to set delimiters and preserve designators. Does not allow special characters, yet (e.g., printf ("\\"like a quoted string\\"")). 
.PP
.SH MEMBER ENUMERATION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS anonymous enum
.PP
\fBEnumeration values:\fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIMAX_DELIMITERS\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fIMAX_PRESERVES\fR \fR
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Tokenizer::ACE_Tokenizer (\fBACE_TCHAR\fR * buffer)
.PP
\fIbuffer\fR will be parsed. Notice that ACE_Tokenizer will modify \fIbuffer\fR if you use \fC delimiter_replace \fR or \fC preserve_designators \fR to do character substitution. 
.PP
\fBSee also: \fR
.in +1c
 \fBpreserve_designators\fR ,  \fBpreserve_designators\fR 
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Tokenizer::delimiter (\fBACE_TCHAR\fR d)
.PP
\fId\fR is a delimiter. 
.PP
\fBReturns: \fR
.in +1c
 Returns 0 on success, -1 if there is no memory left.
.PP
\fBExample:\fR 
.PP
.nf

     ACE_Tokenizer tok ("William/Joseph/Hagins");
    tok.delimiter ('/');
     for (char *p = tok.next (); p; p = tok.next ())
      cout << p << endl;
    
.fi
.PP
This will print out: 
.PP
.nf

     William/Joseph/Hagins
      Joseph/Hagins
      Hagins 
.fi
 
.SS int ACE_Tokenizer::delimiter_replace (\fBACE_TCHAR\fR d, \fBACE_TCHAR\fR replacement)
.PP
\fId\fR is a delimiter and, when found, will be replaced by \fIreplacement\fR. 
.PP
\fBReturns: \fR
.in +1c
 0 on success, -1 if there is no memory left.
.PP
\fBExample:\fR 
.PP
.nf

     ACE_Tokenizer tok ("William/Joseph/Hagins");
     tok.delimiter_replace ('/', 0);
     for (char *p = tok.next (); p; p = tok.next ())
       cout << p << endl;
    
.fi
.PP
This will print out: 
.PP
.nf

       William
       Joseph
       Hagins 
.fi
 
.SS int ACE_Tokenizer::is_delimiter (\fBACE_TCHAR\fR d, int & replace, \fBACE_TCHAR\fR & r)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Returns 1 if <d> is a delimiter, 0 otherwise. If <d> should be replaced with <r>, <replace> is set to 1, otherwise 0.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Tokenizer::is_preserve_designator (\fBACE_TCHAR\fR start, \fBACE_TCHAR\fR & stop, int & strip)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
If <start> is a start preserve designator, returns 1 and sets <stop> to the stop designator. Returns 0 if <start> is not a preserve designator. 
.SS \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * ACE_Tokenizer::next (void)
.PP
Returns the next token.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Tokenizer::preserve_designators (\fBACE_TCHAR\fR start, \fBACE_TCHAR\fR stop, int strip = 1)
.PP
Extract string between a pair of designator characters. For instance, quotes, or '(' and ')'. \fIstart\fR specifies the begin designator. \fIstop\fR specifies the end designator. \fIstrip\fR If \fIstrip\fR == 1, then the preserve designators will be stripped from the tokens returned by next. 
.PP
\fBReturns: \fR
.in +1c
 0 on success, -1 if there is no memory left.
.PP
\fBExample with strip = 0:\fR 
.PP
.nf

     ACE_Tokenizer tok ("William(Joseph)Hagins");
     tok.preserve_designators ('(', ')', 0);
     for (char *p = tok.next (); p; p = tok.next ())
       cout << p << endl;
    
.fi
.PP
This will print out: 
.PP
.nf

      William(Joseph)Hagins
      (Joseph)Hagins
      )Hagins 
.fi
.PP
\fBExample with strip = 1:\fR 
.PP
.nf

     ACE_Tokenizer tok ("William(Joseph)Hagins");
     tok.preserve_designators ('(', ')', 1);
     for (char *p = tok.next (); p; p = tok.next ())
       cout << p << endl;
    
.fi
.PP
This will print out: 
.PP
.nf

      William
      Joseph
      Hagins 
.fi
 
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * ACE_Tokenizer::buffer_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
.SS int ACE_Tokenizer::delimiter_index_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Pointer to the next free space in delimiters_.
.PP
.SS \fBDelimiter_Entry\fR ACE_Tokenizer::delimiters_[MAX_DELIMITERS]\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
The tokenizer allows MAX_DELIMITERS number of delimiters.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Tokenizer::index_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
.SS \fBPreserve_Entry\fR ACE_Tokenizer::preserves_[MAX_PRESERVES]\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
The application can specify MAX_PRESERVES preserve designators.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Tokenizer::preserves_index_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Pointer to the next free spot in preserves_.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.