.TH ACE_Sig_Adapter 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Sig_Adapter \- Provide an adapter that transforms various types of signal handlers into the scheme used by the . 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Signal.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Sig_Adapter\fR (\fBACE_Sig_Action\fR &, int sigkey)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Sig_Adapter\fR (\fBACE_Event_Handler\fR *, int sigkey)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Sig_Adapter\fR (\fBACE_Sig_Handler_Ex\fR, int sigkey = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Sig_Adapter\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsigkey\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns this signal key that's used to remove this from the 's internal table.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBhandle_signal\fR (int, \fBsiginfo_t\fR *, \fBucontext_t\fR *)"
.br
.RI "\fICalled by the <Reactor> to dispatch the signal handler.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum { \fBACE_HANDLER\fR, \fBSIG_ACTION\fR, \fBC_FUNCTION\fR }"
.br
.RI "\fIIs this an external handler or an \fBACE\fR handler?\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsigkey_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIKey for this signal handler (used to remove it).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "enum ACE_Sig_Adapter:: { ... }   \fBtype_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIIs this an external handler or an \fBACE\fR handler?\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Sig_Action\fR \fBsa_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is an external handler (ugh).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Event_Handler\fR* \fBeh_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is an \fBACE\fR hander.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Sig_Handler_Ex\fR \fBsig_func_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is a normal C function.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Provide an adapter that transforms various types of signal handlers into the scheme used by the .
.PP
.SH MEMBER ENUMERATION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS anonymous enum\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Is this an external handler or an \fBACE\fR handler?
.PP
\fBEnumeration values:\fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIACE_HANDLER\fR \fRWe're just wrapping an \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR.
.TP
\fB\fISIG_ACTION\fR \fRAn \fBACE_Sig_Action\fR.
.TP
\fB\fIC_FUNCTION\fR \fRA normal C function.
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Sig_Adapter::ACE_Sig_Adapter (\fBACE_Sig_Action\fR &, int sigkey)
.PP
.SS ACE_Sig_Adapter::ACE_Sig_Adapter (\fBACE_Event_Handler\fR *, int sigkey)
.PP
.SS ACE_Sig_Adapter::ACE_Sig_Adapter (\fBACE_Sig_Handler_Ex\fR, int sigkey = 0)
.PP
.SS ACE_Sig_Adapter::~ACE_Sig_Adapter (void)
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Sig_Adapter::handle_signal (int signum, \fBsiginfo_t\fR *, \fBucontext_t\fR *)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Called by the <Reactor> to dispatch the signal handler.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR.
.SS int ACE_Sig_Adapter::sigkey (void)
.PP
Returns this signal key that's used to remove this from the 's internal table.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR * ACE_Sig_Adapter::eh_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
This is an \fBACE\fR hander.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Sig_Action\fR ACE_Sig_Adapter::sa_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
This is an external handler (ugh).
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Sig_Handler_Ex\fR ACE_Sig_Adapter::sig_func_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
This is a normal C function.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Sig_Adapter::sigkey_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Key for this signal handler (used to remove it).
.PP
.SS enum { ... }  ACE_Sig_Adapter::type_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Is this an external handler or an \fBACE\fR handler?
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.