.TH ACE_Sig_Action 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Sig_Action \- C++ wrapper facade for the <sigaction> struct. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Signal.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Sig_Action\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor. Initializes everything to 0.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Sig_Action\fR (ACE_SignalHandler handler, sigset_t *sigmask = 0, int flags = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssigns the various fields of a <sigaction> struct but doesn't register for signal handling via the <sigaction> function.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Sig_Action\fR (ACE_SignalHandler handler, const \fBACE_Sig_Set\fR &sigmask, int flags = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssigns the various fields of a <sigaction> struct but doesn't register for signal handling via the <sigaction> function.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Sig_Action\fR (ACE_SignalHandler handler, int signum, sigset_t *sigmask = 0, int flags = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Sig_Action\fR (ACE_SignalHandler handler, int signum, const \fBACE_Sig_Set\fR &sigmask, int flags = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Sig_Action\fR (const \fBACE_Sig_Set\fR &signalss, ACE_SignalHandler handler, const \fBACE_Sig_Set\fR &sigmask, int flags = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Sig_Action\fR (const \fBACE_Sig_Set\fR &signalss, ACE_SignalHandler handler, sigset_t *sigmask = 0, int flags = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Sig_Action\fR (const ACE_Sig_Action &s)"
.br
.RI "\fICopy constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Sig_Action\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault dtor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBregister_action\fR (int signum, ACE_Sig_Action *oaction = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIRegister <this> as the current disposition and store old disposition into <oaction> if it is non-NULL.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrestore_action\fR (int signum, ACE_Sig_Action &oaction)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssign the value of <oaction> to <this> and make it become the new signal disposition.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBretrieve_action\fR (int signum)"
.br
.RI "\fIRetrieve the current disposition into <this>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset\fR (struct sigaction *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct sigaction* \fBget\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoperator ACE_SIGACTION *\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBflags\fR (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBflags\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBmask\fR (sigset_t *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBmask\fR (\fBACE_Sig_Set\fR &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "sigset_t* \fBmask\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBhandler\fR (ACE_SignalHandler)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_SignalHandler \fBhandler\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct sigaction \fBsa_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIControls signal behavior.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
C++ wrapper facade for the <sigaction> struct.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Sig_Action::ACE_Sig_Action (void)
.PP
Default constructor. Initializes everything to 0.
.PP
.SS ACE_Sig_Action::ACE_Sig_Action (ACE_SignalHandler handler, sigset_t * sigmask = 0, int flags = 0)
.PP
Assigns the various fields of a <sigaction> struct but doesn't register for signal handling via the <sigaction> function.
.PP
.SS ACE_Sig_Action::ACE_Sig_Action (ACE_SignalHandler handler, const \fBACE_Sig_Set\fR & sigmask, int flags = 0)
.PP
Assigns the various fields of a <sigaction> struct but doesn't register for signal handling via the <sigaction> function.
.PP
.SS ACE_Sig_Action::ACE_Sig_Action (ACE_SignalHandler handler, int signum, sigset_t * sigmask = 0, int flags = 0)
.PP
Assigns the various fields of a <sigaction> struct and registers the <handler> to process signal <signum> via the <sigaction> function. 
.SS ACE_Sig_Action::ACE_Sig_Action (ACE_SignalHandler handler, int signum, const \fBACE_Sig_Set\fR & sigmask, int flags = 0)
.PP
Assigns the various fields of a <sigaction> struct and registers the <handler> to process signal <signum> via the <sigaction> function. 
.SS ACE_Sig_Action::ACE_Sig_Action (const \fBACE_Sig_Set\fR & signalss, ACE_SignalHandler handler, const \fBACE_Sig_Set\fR & sigmask, int flags = 0)
.PP
Assigns the various fields of a <sigaction> struct and registers the <handler> to process all <signals> via the <sigaction> function. 
.SS ACE_Sig_Action::ACE_Sig_Action (const \fBACE_Sig_Set\fR & signalss, ACE_SignalHandler handler, sigset_t * sigmask = 0, int flags = 0)
.PP
Assigns the various fields of a <sigaction> struct and registers the <handler> to process all <signals> via the <sigaction> function. 
.SS ACE_Sig_Action::ACE_Sig_Action (const ACE_Sig_Action & s)
.PP
Copy constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Sig_Action::~ACE_Sig_Action (void)
.PP
Default dtor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_Sig_Action::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Sig_Action::flags (void)
.PP
.SS void ACE_Sig_Action::flags (int)
.PP
.SS struct sigaction* ACE_Sig_Action::get (void)
.PP
.SS ACE_SignalHandler ACE_Sig_Action::handler (void)
.PP
.SS void ACE_Sig_Action::handler (ACE_SignalHandler)
.PP
.SS sigset_t* ACE_Sig_Action::mask (void)
.PP
.SS void ACE_Sig_Action::mask (\fBACE_Sig_Set\fR &)
.PP
.SS void ACE_Sig_Action::mask (sigset_t *)
.PP
.SS ACE_Sig_Action::operator \fBACE_SIGACTION\fR * ()
.PP
.SS int ACE_Sig_Action::register_action (int signum, ACE_Sig_Action * oaction = 0)
.PP
Register <this> as the current disposition and store old disposition into <oaction> if it is non-NULL.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Sig_Action::restore_action (int signum, ACE_Sig_Action & oaction)
.PP
Assign the value of <oaction> to <this> and make it become the new signal disposition.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Sig_Action::retrieve_action (int signum)
.PP
Retrieve the current disposition into <this>.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Sig_Action::set (struct sigaction *)
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Sig_Action::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
.SS struct sigaction ACE_Sig_Action::sa_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Controls signal behavior.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.