.TH ACE_TTY_IO 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_TTY_IO \- Class definitions for platform specific TTY features. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <TTY_IO.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_DEV_IO\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBControl_Mode\fR { \fBSETPARAMS\fR, \fBGETPARAMS\fR }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcontrol\fR (\fBControl_Mode\fR cmd, \fBSerial_Params\fR *arg) const"
.br
.RI "\fIInterface for reading/writing serial device parameters.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Class definitions for platform specific TTY features.
.PP
.PP
 This class represents an example interface for a specific device (a serial line) It extends the capability of the underlying DEV_IO class by adding a control method that takes a special structure (\fBSerial_Params\fR) as argument to allow a comfortable user interface (away from that annoying termios structure, which is very specific to UNIX). 
.PP
.SH MEMBER ENUMERATION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS enum ACE_TTY_IO::Control_Mode
.PP
\fBEnumeration values:\fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fISETPARAMS\fR \fRSet control parameters.
.TP
\fB\fIGETPARAMS\fR \fRGet control parameters.
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_TTY_IO::control (\fBControl_Mode\fR cmd, \fBSerial_Params\fR * arg) const
.PP
Interface for reading/writing serial device parameters.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.