.TH ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_File 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_File \- This class is a factory for starting off asynchronous reads on a file. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <WIN32_Asynch_IO.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Asynch_Read_File_Impl\fR, and \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_Stream\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_File\fR (\fBACE_WIN32_Proactor\fR *win32_proactor)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBread\fR (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR &message_block, u_long bytes_to_read, u_long offset, u_long offset_high, const void *act, int priority, int signal_number = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_File\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopen\fR (\fBACE_Handler\fR &handler, ACE_HANDLE handle, const void *completion_key, \fBACE_Proactor\fR *proactor)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcancel\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Proactor\fR* \fBproactor\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the underlying proactor.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBread\fR (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR &message_block, u_long bytes_to_read, const void *act, int priority, int signal_number = 0)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This class is a factory for starting off asynchronous reads on a file.
.PP
.PP
 Once <open> is called, multiple asynchronous <read>s can started using this class. A \fBACE_Asynch_Read_File::Result\fR will be passed back to the <handler> when the asynchronous reads completes through the  callback.
.PP
This class differs slightly from \fBACE_Asynch_Read_Stream\fR as it allows the user to specify an offset for the read. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_File::ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_File (\fBACE_WIN32_Proactor\fR * win32_proactor)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_File::~ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_File (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_File::cancel (void)
.PP
This cancels all pending accepts operations that were issued by the calling thread. The function does not cancel asynchronous operations issued by other threads. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_Stream\fR.
.SS int ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_File::open (\fBACE_Handler\fR & handler, ACE_HANDLE handle, const void * completion_key, \fBACE_Proactor\fR * proactor)
.PP
Initializes the factory with information which will be used with each asynchronous call. If (<handle> == ACE_INVALID_HANDLE),  will be called on the <handler> to get the correct handle. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_Stream\fR.
.SS \fBACE_Proactor\fR * ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_File::proactor (void) const
.PP
Return the underlying proactor.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_Stream\fR.
.SS int ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_File::read (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR & message_block, u_long bytes_to_read, const void * act, int priority, int signal_number = 0)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
This method belongs to \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_Stream\fR. It is here to avoid the compiler warnings. We forward this call to the \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_Stream\fR class. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_Stream\fR.
.SS int ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_File::read (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR & message_block, u_long bytes_to_read, u_long offset, u_long offset_high, const void * act, int priority, int signal_number = 0)
.PP
This starts off an asynchronous read. Upto <bytes_to_read> will be read and stored in the <message_block>. The read will start at <offset> from the beginning of the file. 

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.