.TH ACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Read_File 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Read_File \- This class is a factory for starting off asynchronous reads on a file. This class implements  for  (Asynchronous I/O Control Blocks) based implementation of Proactor. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <POSIX_Asynch_IO.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Asynch_Read_File_Impl\fR, and \fBACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Read_Stream\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Read_File\fR (\fBACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Proactor\fR *posix_aiocb_proactor)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBread\fR (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR &message_block, u_long bytes_to_read, u_long offset, u_long offset_high, const void *act, int priority, int signal_number = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Read_File\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopen\fR (\fBACE_Handler\fR &handler, ACE_HANDLE handle, const void *completion_key, \fBACE_Proactor\fR *proactor = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcancel\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fINot implemented. Returns 0.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Proactor\fR* \fBproactor\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the underlying proactor.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBread\fR (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR &message_block, u_long bytes_to_read, const void *act, int priority, int signal_number = 0)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This class is a factory for starting off asynchronous reads on a file. This class implements  for  (Asynchronous I/O Control Blocks) based implementation of Proactor.
.PP
.PP
 Once <open> is called, multiple asynchronous <read>s can started using this class. A  will be passed back to the <handler> when the asynchronous reads completes through the  callback.
.PP
This class differs slightly from  as it allows the user to specify an offset for the read. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Read_File::ACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Read_File (\fBACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Proactor\fR * posix_aiocb_proactor)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Read_File::~ACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Read_File (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Read_File::cancel (void)
.PP
Not implemented. Returns 0.
.PP
@ 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Read_Stream\fR.
.SS int ACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Read_File::open (\fBACE_Handler\fR & handler, ACE_HANDLE handle, const void * completion_key, \fBACE_Proactor\fR * proactor = 0)
.PP
Initializes the factory with information which will be used with each asynchronous call. If (<handle> == ACE_INVALID_HANDLE),  will be called on the <handler> to get the correct handle. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Read_Stream\fR.
.SS \fBACE_Proactor\fR * ACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Read_File::proactor (void) const
.PP
Return the underlying proactor.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Read_Stream\fR.
.SS int ACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Read_File::read (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR & message_block, u_long bytes_to_read, const void * act, int priority, int signal_number = 0)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
This belongs to \fBACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Read_Stream\fR. We have defined this here to avoid compiler warnings and forward the method to . 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Read_Stream\fR.
.SS int ACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Read_File::read (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR & message_block, u_long bytes_to_read, u_long offset, u_long offset_high, const void * act, int priority, int signal_number = 0)
.PP
This starts off an asynchronous read. Upto <bytes_to_read> will be read and stored in the <message_block>. The read will start at <offset> from the beginning of the file. 

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.