.TH ACE_Thread_Adapter 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Thread_Adapter \- Converts a C++ function into a function  function that can be called from a thread creation routine (e.g., <pthread_create> or <_beginthreadex>) that expects an extern "C" entry point. This class also makes it possible to transparently provide hooks to register a thread with an . 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Thread_Adapter.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Base_Thread_Adapter\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Thread_Adapter\fR (ACE_THR_FUNC user_func, void *arg, ACE_THR_C_FUNC entry_point = (ACE_THR_C_FUNC) ace_thread_adapter, \fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR *thr_mgr = 0, \fBACE_Thread_Descriptor\fR *td = 0 )"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void* \fBinvoke\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR* \fBthr_mgr\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIAccessor for the optional <Thread_Manager>.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Thread_Adapter\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIEnsure that this object must be allocated on the heap.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void* \fBinvoke_i\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fICalled by invoke, mainly here to separate the SEH stuff because SEH on Win32 doesn't compile with local vars with destructors.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR* \fBthr_mgr_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIOptional thread manager.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_Thread_Adapter_Has_Private_Destructor\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Converts a C++ function into a function  function that can be called from a thread creation routine (e.g., <pthread_create> or <_beginthreadex>) that expects an extern "C" entry point. This class also makes it possible to transparently provide hooks to register a thread with an .
.PP
.PP
 This class is used in . In general, the thread that creates an object of this class is different from the thread that calls <invoke> on this object. Therefore, the <invoke> method is responsible for deleting itself. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Thread_Adapter::ACE_Thread_Adapter (ACE_THR_FUNC user_func, void * arg, ACE_THR_C_FUNC entry_point = (ACE_THR_C_FUNC) ace_thread_adapter, \fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR * thr_mgr = 0, \fBACE_Thread_Descriptor\fR * td = 0)
.PP
\fBParameters: \fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fItd\fR\fRConstructor.
.SS ACE_Thread_Adapter::~ACE_Thread_Adapter (void)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Ensure that this object must be allocated on the heap.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void * ACE_Thread_Adapter::invoke (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Execute the <user_func_> with the . This function deletes <this>, thereby rendering the object useless after the call returns. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Base_Thread_Adapter\fR.
.SS void * ACE_Thread_Adapter::invoke_i (void)\fC [private, virtual]\fR
.PP
Called by invoke, mainly here to separate the SEH stuff because SEH on Win32 doesn't compile with local vars with destructors.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR * ACE_Thread_Adapter::thr_mgr (void)
.PP
Accessor for the optional <Thread_Manager>.
.PP
.SH FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS class ACE_Thread_Adapter_Has_Private_Destructor\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
Friend declaration to avoid compiler warning: only defines a private destructor and has no friends.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Base_Thread_Adapter\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR * ACE_Thread_Adapter::thr_mgr_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Optional thread manager.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.