.TH ACE_LSOCK_Dgram 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_LSOCK_Dgram \- Create a Local \fBACE_SOCK\fR datagram. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <LSOCK_Dgram.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_SOCK_Dgram\fR, and \fBACE_LSOCK\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_LSOCK_Dgram\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_LSOCK_Dgram\fR (const \fBACE_Addr\fR &local, int protocol_family = PF_UNIX, int protocol = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitiate a local dgram.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopen\fR (const \fBACE_Addr\fR &local, int protocol_family = PF_UNIX, int protocol = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitiate a local dgram.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBget_handle\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet handle.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_handle\fR (ACE_HANDLE)"
.br
.RI "\fISet handle.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Create a Local \fBACE_SOCK\fR datagram.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_LSOCK_Dgram::ACE_LSOCK_Dgram (void)
.PP
Default constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_LSOCK_Dgram::ACE_LSOCK_Dgram (const \fBACE_Addr\fR & local, int protocol_family = PF_UNIX, int protocol = 0)
.PP
Initiate a local dgram.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_LSOCK_Dgram::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_LSOCK\fR.
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_LSOCK_Dgram::get_handle (void) const
.PP
Get handle.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_LSOCK\fR.
.SS int ACE_LSOCK_Dgram::open (const \fBACE_Addr\fR & local, int protocol_family = PF_UNIX, int protocol = 0)
.PP
Initiate a local dgram.
.PP
.SS void ACE_LSOCK_Dgram::set_handle (ACE_HANDLE handle)
.PP
Set handle.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_LSOCK\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_LSOCK_Dgram::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_LSOCK\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.