.TH ACE_Capabilities 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Capabilities \- This class implement the \fBACE\fR Capabilities. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Capabilities.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Capabilities\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe Constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Capabilities\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe Destructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetval\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *ent, ACE_TString &val)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet a string entry.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetval\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *ent, int &val)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet an integer entry.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetent\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *fname, const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *name)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the ACE_Capabilities name from FILE fname and load the associated capabitily entries in map.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR* \fBparse\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *buf, int &cap)"
.br
.RI "\fIParse a string property.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR* \fBparse\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *buf, ACE_TString &cap)"
.br
.RI "\fIFill the ACE_Capabilities with description in ent.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBfillent\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *ent)"
.br
.RI "\fIParse a cap entry.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBparseent\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *name, \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *line)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet a line from FILE input stream.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetline\fR (FILE* fp, ACE_TString &line)"
.br
.RI "\fIIs a valid entry.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBis_entry\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *name, const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *line)"
.br
.RI "\fIReset the set of capabilities.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBresetcaps\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIAtributes.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Hash_Map_Manager\fR<ACE_TString, \fBACE_CapEntry\fR *, \fBACE_Null_Mutex\fR> \fBcaps_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is the set of \fBACE_CapEntry\fR.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This class implement the \fBACE\fR Capabilities.
.PP
.PP
 This is a container class for \fBACE\fR Capabilities values. Currently exist three different capability values:  (integer),  (bool) and  (String). An  is a unordered set of pair = (<String>,  *). Where the first component is the name of capability and the second component is a pointer to the capability value container. A <FILE> is a container for , the  has a name in the file, as a termcap file. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Capabilities::ACE_Capabilities (void)
.PP
The Constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Capabilities::~ACE_Capabilities (void)
.PP
The Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Capabilities::fillent (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * ent)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Parse a cap entry.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Capabilities::getent (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * fname, const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * name)
.PP
Get the ACE_Capabilities name from FILE fname and load the associated capabitily entries in map.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Capabilities::getline (FILE * fp, ACE_TString & line)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Is a valid entry.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Capabilities::getval (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * ent, int & val)
.PP
Get an integer entry.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Capabilities::getval (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * ent, ACE_TString & val)
.PP
Get a string entry.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Capabilities::is_entry (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * name, const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * line)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Reset the set of capabilities.
.PP
.SS const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * ACE_Capabilities::parse (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * buf, ACE_TString & cap)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Fill the ACE_Capabilities with description in ent.
.PP
.SS const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * ACE_Capabilities::parse (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * buf, int & cap)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Parse a string property.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Capabilities::parseent (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * name, \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * line)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Get a line from FILE input stream.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Capabilities::resetcaps (void)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Atributes.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_Hash_Map_Manager\fR< ACE_TString,\fBACE_CapEntry\fR *,\fBACE_Null_Mutex\fR > ACE_Capabilities::caps_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
This is the set of \fBACE_CapEntry\fR.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.