.TH ACE_Log_Msg_Callback 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Log_Msg_Callback \- An interface class used to get logging callbacks. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Log_Msg_Callback.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Log_Msg_Callback\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fINo-op virtual destructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBlog\fR (\fBACE_Log_Record\fR &log_record) = 0"
.br
.RI "\fICallback routine. This is called when we want to log a message. Since this routine is pure virtual, it must be overwritten by the subclass.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
An interface class used to get logging callbacks.
.PP
.PP
 Users who are interested in getting the logging messages directly, can subclass this interface and override the \fBlog\fR() method. They must then register their subclass with the Log_Msg class and make sure that they turn on the \fBACE_Log_Msg::MSG_CALLBACK\fR flag.
.PP
Your <log> routine is called with an instance of \fBACE_Log_Record\fR. From this class, you can get the log message, the verbose log message, message type, message priority, and so on.
.PP
Remember that there is one Log_Msg object per thread. Therefore, you may need to register your callback object with many  objects (and have the correct synchronization in the <log> method) or have a separate callback object per Log_Msg object. Moreover,  are not inherited when a new thread is spawned, so you'll need to reset these in each new thread. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Log_Msg_Callback::~ACE_Log_Msg_Callback (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
No-op virtual destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_Log_Msg_Callback::log (\fBACE_Log_Record\fR & log_record)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
Callback routine. This is called when we want to log a message. Since this routine is pure virtual, it must be overwritten by the subclass.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.