.TH ACE_Recycling_Strategy 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Recycling_Strategy \- Defines the interface (and default implementation) for specifying a recycling strategy for a SVC_HANDLER. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Strategies_T.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Recycling_Strategy\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIVirtual Destructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBassign_recycler\fR (SVC_HANDLER *svc_handler, \fBACE_Connection_Recycling_Strategy\fR *recycler, const void *recycling_act)"
.br
.RI "\fITell the Svc_Handler something about the recycler, so that it can reach the recycler when necessary.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBprepare_for_recycling\fR (SVC_HANDLER *svc_handler)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis allows us to prepare the svc_handler for recycling.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class SVC_HANDLER>  template class ACE_Recycling_Strategy
Defines the interface (and default implementation) for specifying a recycling strategy for a SVC_HANDLER.
.PP
.PP
 Acts as a consular to the Svc_Handler, preparing it for the tough times ahead when the Svc_Handler will be recycled. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> ACE_Recycling_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::~ACE_Recycling_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER> (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Virtual Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> int ACE_Recycling_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::assign_recycler (SVC_HANDLER * svc_handler, \fBACE_Connection_Recycling_Strategy\fR * recycler, const void * recycling_act)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Tell the Svc_Handler something about the recycler, so that it can reach the recycler when necessary.
.PP
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> int ACE_Recycling_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::prepare_for_recycling (SVC_HANDLER * svc_handler)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
This allows us to prepare the svc_handler for recycling.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.