.TH ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <POSIX_Asynch_IO.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Asynch_Result_Impl\fR, and \fBaiocb\fR.
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_Dgram_Result\fR\fC [virtual]\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_Stream_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Timer\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Transmit_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result\fR, and \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_Stream_Result\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBbytes_transferred\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fINumber of bytes transferred by the operation.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const void* \fBact\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIACT associated with the operation.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsuccess\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDid the operation succeed?\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const void* \fBcompletion_key\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBerror\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIError value if the operation fail.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBevent\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIThis returns ACE_INVALID_HANDLE on POSIX4 platforms.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBoffset\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBoffset_high\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBpriority\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIPriority of the operation.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsignal_number\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBpost_completion\fR (\fBACE_Proactor_Impl\fR *proactor)"
.br
.RI "\fIPost <this> to the Proactor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_error\fR (u_long errcode)"
.br
.RI "\fISimulate error value to use in the post_completion ().\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_bytes_transferred\fR (u_long nbytes)"
.br
.RI "\fISimulate value to use in the post_completion ().\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result\fR (\fBACE_Handler\fR &handler, const void* act, ACE_HANDLE event, u_long offset, u_long offset_high, int priority, int signal_number)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. <Event> is not used on POSIX.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Handler\fR& \fBhandler_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIHandler that will be called back.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const void* \fBact_\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBbytes_transferred_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIBytes transferred by this operation.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsuccess_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fISuccess indicator.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const void* \fBcompletion_key_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIACT associated with handle.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBerror_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIError if operation failed.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This class provides concrete implementation for  for POSIX4 platforms. This class extends  and makes it more useful. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result::~ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result::ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result (\fBACE_Handler\fR & handler, const void * act, ACE_HANDLE event, u_long offset, u_long offset_high, int priority, int signal_number)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Constructor. <Event> is not used on POSIX.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS const void * ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result::act (void) const
.PP
ACT associated with the operation.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_Stream_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_Stream_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Transmit_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result\fR, and \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_Dgram_Result\fR.
.SS u_long ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result::bytes_transferred (void) const
.PP
Number of bytes transferred by the operation.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_Stream_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_Stream_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Transmit_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result\fR, and \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_Dgram_Result\fR.
.SS const void * ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result::completion_key (void) const
.PP
This is the ACT associated with the handle on which the Asynch_Operation takes place.
.PP
@ This is not implemented for POSIX4 platforms. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_Stream_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_Stream_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Transmit_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result\fR, and \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_Dgram_Result\fR.
.SS u_long ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result::error (void) const
.PP
Error value if the operation fail.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_Stream_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_Stream_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Transmit_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result\fR, and \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_Dgram_Result\fR.
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result::event (void) const
.PP
This returns ACE_INVALID_HANDLE on POSIX4 platforms.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_Stream_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_Stream_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Transmit_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result\fR, and \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_Dgram_Result\fR.
.SS u_long ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result::offset (void) const
.PP
This really make sense only when doing file I/O.
.PP
@ On POSIX4-Unix, offset_high should be supported using aiocb64. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_Stream_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_Stream_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Transmit_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result\fR, and \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_Dgram_Result\fR.
.SS u_long ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result::offset_high (void) const
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_Stream_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_Stream_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Transmit_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result\fR, and \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_Dgram_Result\fR.
.SS int ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result::post_completion (\fBACE_Proactor_Impl\fR * proactor)
.PP
Post <this> to the Proactor.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_Stream_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_Stream_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Transmit_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result\fR, and \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_Dgram_Result\fR.
.SS int ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result::priority (void) const
.PP
Priority of the operation.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_Stream_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_Stream_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Transmit_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result\fR, and \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_Dgram_Result\fR.
.SS void ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result::set_bytes_transferred (u_long nbytes)
.PP
Simulate value to use in the post_completion ().
.PP
.SS void ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result::set_error (u_long errcode)
.PP
Simulate error value to use in the post_completion ().
.PP
.SS int ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result::signal_number (void) const
.PP
POSIX4 realtime signal number to be used for the operation. <signal_number> ranges from SIGRTMIN to SIGRTMAX. By default, SIGRTMIN is used to issue  calls. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_Stream_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_Stream_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Transmit_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result\fR, and \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_Dgram_Result\fR.
.SS int ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result::success (void) const
.PP
Did the operation succeed?
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_Stream_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_Stream_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Transmit_File_Result\fR, \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result\fR, and \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Read_Dgram_Result\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS const void * ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result::act_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
ACT for this operation. We could use  for this. But it doesnot provide the constness, so this may be better. 
.SS u_long ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result::bytes_transferred_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Bytes transferred by this operation.
.PP
.SS const void * ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result::completion_key_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
ACT associated with handle.
.PP
.SS u_long ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result::error_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Error if operation failed.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Handler\fR & ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result::handler_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Handler that will be called back.
.PP
.SS int ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Result::success_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Success indicator.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.