.TH ACE_At_Thread_Exit_Func 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_At_Thread_Exit_Func \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Thread_Manager.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_At_Thread_Exit\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_At_Thread_Exit_Func\fR (void *object, \fBACE_CLEANUP_FUNC\fR func, void *param = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_At_Thread_Exit_Func\fR (void)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBapply\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe apply method.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void* \fBobject_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe object to be cleanup.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_CLEANUP_FUNC\fR \fBfunc_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe cleanup func.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void* \fBparam_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIA param if required.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_At_Thread_Exit_Func::ACE_At_Thread_Exit_Func (void * object, \fBACE_CLEANUP_FUNC\fR func, void * param = 0)
.PP
.SS virtual ACE_At_Thread_Exit_Func::~ACE_At_Thread_Exit_Func (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_At_Thread_Exit_Func::apply (void)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
The apply method.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_At_Thread_Exit\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_CLEANUP_FUNC\fR ACE_At_Thread_Exit_Func::func_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
The cleanup func.
.PP
.SS void * ACE_At_Thread_Exit_Func::object_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
The object to be cleanup.
.PP
.SS void * ACE_At_Thread_Exit_Func::param_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
A param if required.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.