.TH ACE_Connect_Strategy 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Connect_Strategy \- Defines the interface for specifying an active connection establishment strategy for a SVC_HANDLER. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Strategies_T.h>\fR
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_Cached_Connect_Strategy\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Connect_Strategy\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual ACE_PEER_CONNECTOR& \fBconnector\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn a reference to the <peer_connector_>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Connect_Strategy\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBconnect_svc_handler\fR (SVC_HANDLER *&sh, const ACE_PEER_CONNECTOR_ADDR &remote_addr, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout, const ACE_PEER_CONNECTOR_ADDR &local_addr, int reuse_addr, int flags, int perms)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe default behavior delegates to the <connect> method of the <PEER_CONNECTOR::connect>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBconnect_svc_handler\fR (SVC_HANDLER *&sh, SVC_HANDLER *&sh_copy, const ACE_PEER_CONNECTOR_ADDR &remote_addr, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout, const ACE_PEER_CONNECTOR_ADDR &local_addr, int reuse_addr, int flags, int perms)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_PEER_CONNECTOR \fBconnector_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIFactory that establishes connections actively.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class SVC_HANDLER, ACE_PEER_CONNECTOR_1>  template class ACE_Connect_Strategy
Defines the interface for specifying an active connection establishment strategy for a SVC_HANDLER.
.PP
.PP
 This class provides a strategy that manages active connection establishment to a server. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER, ACE_PEER_CONNECTOR_1> ACE_Connect_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER, >::ACE_Connect_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER, > (void)
.PP
Default constructor.
.PP
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER, ACE_PEER_CONNECTOR_1> virtual ACE_Connect_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER, >::~ACE_Connect_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER, > (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER, ACE_PEER_CONNECTOR_1> int ACE_Connect_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER, >::connect_svc_handler (SVC_HANDLER *& sh, SVC_HANDLER *& sh_copy, const ACE_PEER_CONNECTOR_ADDR & remote_addr, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout, const ACE_PEER_CONNECTOR_ADDR & local_addr, int reuse_addr, int flags, int perms)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
The default behavior delegates to the <connect> method of the <PEER_CONNECTOR::connect>. Please check the documentation in \fBConnector.h\fR for more details. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Cached_Connect_Strategy\fR.
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER, ACE_PEER_CONNECTOR_1> int ACE_Connect_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER, >::connect_svc_handler (SVC_HANDLER *& sh, const ACE_PEER_CONNECTOR_ADDR & remote_addr, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout, const ACE_PEER_CONNECTOR_ADDR & local_addr, int reuse_addr, int flags, int perms)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
The default behavior delegates to the <connect> method of the <PEER_CONNECTOR::connect>.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Cached_Connect_Strategy\fR.
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER, ACE_PEER_CONNECTOR_1> ACE_PEER_CONNECTOR & ACE_Connect_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER, >::connector (void) const\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Return a reference to the <peer_connector_>.
.PP
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER, ACE_PEER_CONNECTOR_1> void ACE_Connect_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER, >::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER, ACE_PEER_CONNECTOR_1> ACE_Connect_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER, >::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Bounded_Cached_Connect_Strategy\fR.
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER, ACE_PEER_CONNECTOR_1> ACE_PEER_CONNECTOR ACE_Connect_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER, >::connector_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Factory that establishes connections actively.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.