.TH ACE_Schedule_All_Threaded_Strategy 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Schedule_All_Threaded_Strategy \- Defines the interface for specifying how to suspend and resume a multithreaded service . 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Strategies_T.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Scheduling_Strategy< SVC_HANDLER >\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Schedule_All_Threaded_Strategy\fR (SVC_HANDLER * = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBsuspend\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fISuspend hook.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBresume\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIResume hook.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of the object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR* \fBthr_mgr_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThread Manager.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class SVC_HANDLER>  template class ACE_Schedule_All_Threaded_Strategy
Defines the interface for specifying how to suspend and resume a multithreaded service .
.PP
.PP
 This class provides a strategy that suspends and resumes all the Event_Handlers controlled by a Thread_Manager in one fell swoop. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> ACE_Schedule_All_Threaded_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::ACE_Schedule_All_Threaded_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER> (SVC_HANDLER * = 0)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> void ACE_Schedule_All_Threaded_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::dump (void) const\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Dump the state of the object.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Scheduling_Strategy\fR.
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> int ACE_Schedule_All_Threaded_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::resume (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Resume hook.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Scheduling_Strategy\fR.
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> int ACE_Schedule_All_Threaded_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::suspend (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Suspend hook.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Scheduling_Strategy\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> \fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR * ACE_Schedule_All_Threaded_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::thr_mgr_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Thread Manager.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.