.TH ACE_Concurrency_Strategy 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Concurrency_Strategy \- Defines the interface for specifying a concurrency strategy for a SVC_HANDLER. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Strategies_T.h>\fR
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_NOOP_Concurrency_Strategy\fR, \fBACE_Process_Strategy\fR, \fBACE_Reactive_Strategy\fR, and \fBACE_Thread_Strategy\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Concurrency_Strategy\fR (int flags = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBactivate_svc_handler\fR (SVC_HANDLER *svc_handler, void *arg = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Concurrency_Strategy\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBflags_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIFlags that are parsed to set options for the connected <SVC_HANDLER>.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class SVC_HANDLER>  template class ACE_Concurrency_Strategy
Defines the interface for specifying a concurrency strategy for a SVC_HANDLER.
.PP
.PP
 Default behavior is to activate the SVC_HANDLER by calling its <open> method (which allows the SVC_HANDLER to define its own concurrency strategy). However, subclasses can override this default strategy to do more sophisticated concurrency activations (such as creating the SVC_HANDLER as an active object via multi-threading or multi-processing). 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> ACE_Concurrency_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::ACE_Concurrency_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER> (int flags = 0)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> virtual ACE_Concurrency_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::~ACE_Concurrency_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER> (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> int ACE_Concurrency_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::activate_svc_handler (SVC_HANDLER * svc_handler, void * arg = 0)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Activate the <svc_handler> with an appropriate concurrency strategy. The default behavior of this method is to activate the SVC_HANDLER by calling its <open> method (which allows the SVC_HANDLER to define its own concurrency strategy). 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Reactive_Strategy\fR, \fBACE_Thread_Strategy\fR, \fBACE_Process_Strategy\fR, and \fBACE_NOOP_Concurrency_Strategy\fR.
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> void ACE_Concurrency_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Reactive_Strategy\fR, \fBACE_Thread_Strategy\fR, and \fBACE_Process_Strategy\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> ACE_Concurrency_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Reactive_Strategy\fR, \fBACE_Thread_Strategy\fR, and \fBACE_Process_Strategy\fR.
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> int ACE_Concurrency_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::flags_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Flags that are parsed to set options for the connected <SVC_HANDLER>.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.