.TH ACE_Static_Node 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Static_Node \- Handle a statically linked node. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Parse_Node.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Parse_Node\fR.
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_Dynamic_Node\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Static_Node\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *name, \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *params = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Static_Node\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBapply\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const \fBACE_Service_Type\fR* \fBrecord\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_TCHAR\fR* \fBparameters\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_TCHAR\fR* \fBparameters_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fI"Command-line" parameters.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Handle a statically linked node.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Static_Node::ACE_Static_Node (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * name, \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * params = 0)
.PP
.SS virtual ACE_Static_Node::~ACE_Static_Node (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS virtual void ACE_Static_Node::apply (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Parse_Node\fR.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Dynamic_Node\fR.
.SS void ACE_Static_Node::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Parse_Node\fR.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Dynamic_Node\fR.
.SS \fBACE_TCHAR\fR* ACE_Static_Node::parameters (void) const
.PP
.SS virtual const \fBACE_Service_Type\fR* ACE_Static_Node::record (void) const\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Dynamic_Node\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Static_Node::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Parse_Node\fR.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Dynamic_Node\fR.
.SS \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * ACE_Static_Node::parameters_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
"Command-line" parameters.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.