.TH ACE_Handle_Set_Iterator 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Handle_Set_Iterator \- Iterator for the  abstraction. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Handle_Set.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Handle_Set_Iterator\fR (const \fBACE_Handle_Set\fR &hs)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Handle_Set_Iterator\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault dtor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBoperator()\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator++\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is a no-op and no longer does anything. It's only here for backwards compatibility.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBACE_Handle_Set\fR& \fBhandles_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe <Handle_Set> we are iterating through.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_int \fBhandle_index_\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBword_num_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fINumber of the word we're iterating over (typically between 0..7).\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Iterator for the  abstraction.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Handle_Set_Iterator::ACE_Handle_Set_Iterator (const \fBACE_Handle_Set\fR & hs)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Handle_Set_Iterator::~ACE_Handle_Set_Iterator (void)
.PP
Default dtor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_Handle_Set_Iterator::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_Handle_Set_Iterator::operator() (void)
.PP
"Next" operator. Returns the next unseen  in the <Handle_Set> up to <handle_set_.max_handle_>). When all the handles have been seen returns . Advances the iterator automatically, so you need not call <operator++> (which is now obsolete). 
.SS void ACE_Handle_Set_Iterator::operator++ (void)
.PP
This is a no-op and no longer does anything. It's only here for backwards compatibility.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Handle_Set_Iterator::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
.SS u_int ACE_Handle_Set_Iterator::handle_index_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SS const \fBACE_Handle_Set\fR & ACE_Handle_Set_Iterator::handles_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
The <Handle_Set> we are iterating through.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Handle_Set_Iterator::word_num_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Number of the word we're iterating over (typically between 0..7).
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.