.TH ACE_Fixed_Stack 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Fixed_Stack \- Implement a generic LIFO abstract data type. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Containers_T.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Fixed_Stack\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialize a new stack so that it is empty.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Fixed_Stack\fR (const ACE_Fixed_Stack<T, ACE_SIZE> &s)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe copy constructor (performs initialization).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator=\fR (const ACE_Fixed_Stack<T, ACE_SIZE> &s)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssignment operator(performs assignment).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Fixed_Stack\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIPerform actions needed when stack goes out of scope.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBpush\fR (const T &new_item)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBpop\fR (T &item)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtop\fR (T &item) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBis_empty\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns 1 if the container is empty, otherwise returns 0.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBis_full\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns 1 if the container is full, otherwise returns 0.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBsize\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIThe number of items in the stack.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBsize_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fISize of the allocated data.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBtop_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIKeeps track of the current top of stack.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "T \fBstack_\fR [ACE_SIZE]"
.br
.RI "\fIHolds the stack's contents.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class T, size_t ACE_SIZE>  template class ACE_Fixed_Stack
Implement a generic LIFO abstract data type.
.PP
.PP
 This implementation of a Stack uses a fixed array with the size fixed at instantiation time. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT, size_tACE_SIZE> ACE_Fixed_Stack<T, ACE_SIZE>::ACE_Fixed_Stack<T, ACE_SIZE> (void)
.PP
Initialize a new stack so that it is empty.
.PP
.SS template<classT, size_tACE_SIZE> ACE_Fixed_Stack<T, ACE_SIZE>::ACE_Fixed_Stack<T, ACE_SIZE> (const ACE_Fixed_Stack< T,ACE_SIZE >& s)
.PP
The copy constructor (performs initialization).
.PP
.SS template<classT, size_tACE_SIZE> ACE_Fixed_Stack<T, ACE_SIZE>::~ACE_Fixed_Stack<T, ACE_SIZE> (void)
.PP
Perform actions needed when stack goes out of scope.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT, size_tACE_SIZE> void ACE_Fixed_Stack<T, ACE_SIZE>::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS template<classT, size_tACE_SIZE> int ACE_Fixed_Stack<T, ACE_SIZE>::is_empty (void) const
.PP
Returns 1 if the container is empty, otherwise returns 0.
.PP
.SS template<classT, size_tACE_SIZE> int ACE_Fixed_Stack<T, ACE_SIZE>::is_full (void) const
.PP
Returns 1 if the container is full, otherwise returns 0.
.PP
.SS template<classT, size_tACE_SIZE> void ACE_Fixed_Stack<T, ACE_SIZE>::operator= (const ACE_Fixed_Stack< T,ACE_SIZE >& s)
.PP
Assignment operator(performs assignment).
.PP
.SS template<classT, size_tACE_SIZE> int ACE_Fixed_Stack<T, ACE_SIZE>::pop (T & item)
.PP
Remove and return the top stack item. Returns -1 if the stack is already empty, 0 if the stack is not already empty, and -1 if failure occurs. 
.SS template<classT, size_tACE_SIZE> int ACE_Fixed_Stack<T, ACE_SIZE>::push (const T & new_item)
.PP
Place a new item on top of the stack. Returns -1 if the stack is already full, 0 if the stack is not already full, and -1 if failure occurs. 
.SS template<classT, size_tACE_SIZE> size_t ACE_Fixed_Stack<T, ACE_SIZE>::size (void) const
.PP
The number of items in the stack.
.PP
.SS template<classT, size_tACE_SIZE> int ACE_Fixed_Stack<T, ACE_SIZE>::top (T & item) const
.PP
Return top stack item without removing it. Returns -1 if the stack is already empty, 0 if the stack is not already empty, and -1 if failure occurs. 
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT, size_tACE_SIZE> ACE_Fixed_Stack<T, ACE_SIZE>::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
.SS template<classT, size_tACE_SIZE> size_t ACE_Fixed_Stack<T, ACE_SIZE>::size_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Size of the allocated data.
.PP
.SS template<classT, size_tACE_SIZE> T ACE_Fixed_Stack<T, ACE_SIZE>::stack_[ACE_SIZE]\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Holds the stack's contents.
.PP
.SS template<classT, size_tACE_SIZE> size_t ACE_Fixed_Stack<T, ACE_SIZE>::top_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Keeps track of the current top of stack.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.