.TH ACE_Char_Codeset_Translator 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Char_Codeset_Translator \- Codeset translation routines common to both Output and Input CDR streams. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <CDR_Stream.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBACE_CDR::Boolean\fR \fBread_char\fR (\fBACE_InputCDR\fR&, \fBACE_CDR::Char\fR&) = 0"
.br
.RI "\fIRead a single character from the stream, converting from the stream codeset to the native codeset.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBACE_CDR::Boolean\fR \fBread_string\fR (\fBACE_InputCDR\fR&, \fBACE_CDR::Char\fR *&) = 0"
.br
.RI "\fIRead a string from the stream, including the length, converting the characters from the stream codeset to the native codeset.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBACE_CDR::Boolean\fR \fBread_char_array\fR (\fBACE_InputCDR\fR&, const \fBACE_CDR::Char\fR*, \fBACE_CDR::ULong\fR) = 0"
.br
.RI "\fIRead an array of characters from the stream, converting the characters from the stream codeset to the native codeset.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBACE_CDR::Boolean\fR \fBwrite_char\fR (\fBACE_OutputCDR\fR&, \fBACE_CDR::Char\fR) = 0"
.br
.RI "\fIWrite a single character to the stream, converting from the native codeset to the stream codeset.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBACE_CDR::Boolean\fR \fBwrite_string\fR (\fBACE_OutputCDR\fR&, \fBACE_CDR::ULong\fR, const \fBACE_CDR::Char\fR*) = 0"
.br
.RI "\fIWrite a string to the stream, including the length, converting from the native codeset to the stream codeset.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBACE_CDR::Boolean\fR \fBwrite_char_array\fR (\fBACE_OutputCDR\fR&, const \fBACE_CDR::Char\fR*, \fBACE_CDR::ULong\fR) = 0"
.br
.RI "\fIWrite an array of characters to the stream, converting from the native codeset to the stream codeset.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_CDR::Boolean\fR \fBread_1\fR (\fBACE_InputCDR\fR& input, \fBACE_CDR::Octet\fR *x)"
.br
.RI "\fIChildren have access to low-level routines because they cannot use read_char or something similar (it would recurse).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_CDR::Boolean\fR \fBwrite_1\fR (\fBACE_OutputCDR\fR& output, const \fBACE_CDR::Octet\fR *x)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_CDR::Boolean\fR \fBread_array\fR (\fBACE_InputCDR\fR& input, void* x, size_t size, size_t align, \fBACE_CDR::ULong\fR length)"
.br
.RI "\fIEfficiently read <length> elements of size <size> each from  into <x>; the data must be aligned to .\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_CDR::Boolean\fR \fBwrite_array\fR (\fBACE_OutputCDR\fR& output, const void *x, size_t size, size_t align, \fBACE_CDR::ULong\fR length)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBadjust\fR (\fBACE_OutputCDR\fR& out, size_t size, size_t align, char *&buf)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBgood_bit\fR (\fBACE_OutputCDR\fR& out, int bit)"
.br
.RI "\fIUsed by derived classes to set errors in the CDR stream.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Codeset translation routines common to both Output and Input CDR streams.
.PP
.PP
 This class is a base class for defining codeset translation routines to handle the character set translations required by both CDR Input streams and CDR Output streams. 
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Char_Codeset_Translator::adjust (\fBACE_OutputCDR\fR & out, size_t size, size_t align, char *& buf)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Exposes the stream implementation of , this is useful in many cases to minimize memory allocations during marshaling. On success <buf> will contain a contiguous area in the CDR stream that can hold <size> bytes aligned to . Results 
.SS void ACE_Char_Codeset_Translator::good_bit (\fBACE_OutputCDR\fR & out, int bit)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Used by derived classes to set errors in the CDR stream.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_CDR::Boolean\fR ACE_Char_Codeset_Translator::read_1 (\fBACE_InputCDR\fR & input, \fBACE_CDR::Octet\fR * x)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Children have access to low-level routines because they cannot use read_char or something similar (it would recurse).
.PP
.SS \fBACE_CDR::Boolean\fR ACE_Char_Codeset_Translator::read_array (\fBACE_InputCDR\fR & input, void * x, size_t size, size_t align, \fBACE_CDR::ULong\fR length)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Efficiently read <length> elements of size <size> each from  into <x>; the data must be aligned to .
.PP
.SS \fBACE_CDR::Boolean\fR ACE_Char_Codeset_Translator::read_char (\fBACE_InputCDR\fR &, \fBACE_CDR::Char\fR &)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
Read a single character from the stream, converting from the stream codeset to the native codeset.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_CDR::Boolean\fR ACE_Char_Codeset_Translator::read_char_array (\fBACE_InputCDR\fR &, const \fBACE_CDR::Char\fR *, \fBACE_CDR::ULong\fR)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
Read an array of characters from the stream, converting the characters from the stream codeset to the native codeset.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_CDR::Boolean\fR ACE_Char_Codeset_Translator::read_string (\fBACE_InputCDR\fR &, \fBACE_CDR::Char\fR *&)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
Read a string from the stream, including the length, converting the characters from the stream codeset to the native codeset.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_CDR::Boolean\fR ACE_Char_Codeset_Translator::write_1 (\fBACE_OutputCDR\fR & output, const \fBACE_CDR::Octet\fR * x)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
.SS \fBACE_CDR::Boolean\fR ACE_Char_Codeset_Translator::write_array (\fBACE_OutputCDR\fR & output, const void * x, size_t size, size_t align, \fBACE_CDR::ULong\fR length)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Efficiently write <length> elements of size <size> from <x> into <output>. Before inserting the elements enough padding is added to ensure that the elements will be aligned to  in the stream. 
.SS \fBACE_CDR::Boolean\fR ACE_Char_Codeset_Translator::write_char (\fBACE_OutputCDR\fR &, \fBACE_CDR::Char\fR)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
Write a single character to the stream, converting from the native codeset to the stream codeset.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_CDR::Boolean\fR ACE_Char_Codeset_Translator::write_char_array (\fBACE_OutputCDR\fR &, const \fBACE_CDR::Char\fR *, \fBACE_CDR::ULong\fR)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
Write an array of characters to the stream, converting from the native codeset to the stream codeset.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_CDR::Boolean\fR ACE_Char_Codeset_Translator::write_string (\fBACE_OutputCDR\fR &, \fBACE_CDR::ULong\fR, const \fBACE_CDR::Char\fR *)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
Write a string to the stream, including the length, converting from the native codeset to the stream codeset.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.