.TH ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex \- Implement a C++ wrapper that allows nested acquisition and release of a mutex that occurs in the same thread. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Synch.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *name = 0, ACE_mutexattr_t *arg = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialize a recursive mutex.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIImplicitly release a recursive mutex.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBremove\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBacquire\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtryacquire\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBacquire_read\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBacquire_write\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtryacquire_read\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtryacquire_write\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtryacquire_write_upgrade\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrelease\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_thread_t\fR \fBget_thread_id\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the id of the thread that currently owns the mutex.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBget_nesting_level\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_thread_id\fR (\fBACE_thread_t\fR t)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_recursive_thread_mutex_t\fR \fBrecursive_mutex_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIRecursive mutex.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBremoved_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIKeeps track of whether <remove> has been called yet to avoid multiple <remove> calls, e.g., explicitly and implicitly in the destructor. This flag isn't protected by a lock, so make sure that you don't have multiple threads simultaneously calling <remove> on the same object, which is a bad idea anyway...\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator=\fR (const ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex\fR (const ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex &)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Implement a C++ wrapper that allows nested acquisition and release of a mutex that occurs in the same thread.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex::ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * name = 0, ACE_mutexattr_t * arg = 0)
.PP
Initialize a recursive mutex.
.PP
.SS ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex::~ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex (void)
.PP
Implicitly release a recursive mutex.
.PP
.SS ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex::ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex (const ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex &)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex::acquire (void)
.PP
Acquire a recursive mutex (will increment the nesting level and not deadmutex if the owner of the mutex calls this method more than once). 
.SS int ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex::acquire_read (void)
.PP
Acquire mutex ownership. This calls  and is only here to make the  interface consistent with the other synchronization APIs. 
.SS int ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex::acquire_write (void)
.PP
Acquire mutex ownership. This calls  and is only here to make the  interface consistent with the other synchronization APIs. 
.SS void ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex::get_nesting_level (void)
.PP
Return the nesting level of the recursion. When a thread has acquired the mutex for the first time, the nesting level == 1. The nesting level is incremented every time the thread acquires the mutex recursively. 
.SS \fBACE_thread_t\fR ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex::get_thread_id (void)
.PP
Return the id of the thread that currently owns the mutex.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex::operator= (const ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex &)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SS int ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex::release (void)
.PP
Releases a recursive mutex (will not release mutex until all the nesting level drops to 0, which means the mutex is no longer held). 
.SS int ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex::remove (void)
.PP
Implicitly release a recursive mutex. Note that only one thread should call this method since it doesn't protect against race conditions. 
.SS void ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex::set_thread_id (\fBACE_thread_t\fR t)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
.SS int ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex::tryacquire (void)
.PP
Conditionally acquire a recursive mutex (i.e., won't block). Returns -1 on failure. If we "failed" because someone else already had the lock, <errno> is set to <EBUSY>. 
.SS int ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex::tryacquire_read (void)
.PP
Conditionally acquire mutex (i.e., won't block). This calls <tryacquire> and is only here to make the  interface consistent with the other synchronization APIs. Returns -1 on failure. If we "failed" because someone else already had the lock, <errno> is set to <EBUSY>. 
.SS int ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex::tryacquire_write (void)
.PP
Conditionally acquire mutex (i.e., won't block). This calls <tryacquire> and is only here to make the  interface consistent with the other synchronization APIs. Returns -1 on failure. If we "failed" because someone else already had the lock, <errno> is set to <EBUSY>. 
.SS int ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex::tryacquire_write_upgrade (void)
.PP
This is only here to make the  interface consistent with the other synchronization APIs. Assumes the caller has already acquired the mutex using one of the above calls, and returns 0 (success) always. 
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_recursive_thread_mutex_t\fR ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex::recursive_mutex_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Recursive mutex.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Recursive_Thread_Mutex::removed_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Keeps track of whether <remove> has been called yet to avoid multiple <remove> calls, e.g., explicitly and implicitly in the destructor. This flag isn't protected by a lock, so make sure that you don't have multiple threads simultaneously calling <remove> on the same object, which is a bad idea anyway...
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.