.TH ACE_Registry 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Registry \- A Name Server implementation. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Registry.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBACE_Unbounded_Set\fR<\fBName_Component\fR> \fBName\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBACE_Unbounded_Set\fR<\fBBinding\fR> \fBBinding_List\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBBinding_Type\fR { \fBINVALID\fR, \fBOBJECT\fR, \fBCONTEXT\fR }"
.br
.RI "\fIThere are two types of bindings.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_TString \fBmake_string\fR (const \fBName\fR &name)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert a <name> to a <string>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBName\fR \fBmake_name\fR (const ACE_TString &string)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert a <string> to a <name>.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR* \fBSTRING_SEPARATOR\fR"
.br
.RI "\fISeparator for components in a name.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
A Name Server implementation.
.PP
.PP
 The registry interface is inspired by the interface specified in the CORBA Naming Service Specification. The implementation is done through Win32 <Reg*> functions. Other than providing an OO wrapper for the Win32 <Reg*> functions, ACE_Registry provides an abstraction for iteration over the elements of the Registry. 
.PP
.SH MEMBER TYPEDEF DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS typedef \fBACE_Unbounded_Set\fR<\fBBinding\fR> ACE_Registry::Binding_List
.PP
.SS typedef \fBACE_Unbounded_Set\fR<\fBName_Component\fR> ACE_Registry::Name
.PP
.SH MEMBER ENUMERATION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS enum ACE_Registry::Binding_Type
.PP
There are two types of bindings.
.PP
\fBEnumeration values:\fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIINVALID\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fIOBJECT\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fICONTEXT\fR \fR
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBName\fR ACE_Registry::make_name (const ACE_TString & string)\fC [static]\fR
.PP
Convert a <string> to a <name>.
.PP
.SS ACE_TString ACE_Registry::make_string (const \fBName\fR & name)\fC [static]\fR
.PP
Convert a <name> to a <string>.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * ACE_Registry::STRING_SEPARATOR\fC [static]\fR
.PP
Separator for components in a name.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.