.TH ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep \- An ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep<X, ACE_LOCK> object incapsulates a pointer to an object of type X. It is pointed to by \fBACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr\fR<X, ACE_LOCK> object[s] and only accessible through them. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Refcounted_Auto_Ptr.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "X* \fBrelease\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the pointer value to 0 and returns its old value.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBreset\fR (X *p = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIInvokes delete on the previous pointer value and then sets the pointer value to the specified value.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "X* \fBget\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the pointer value.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnull\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIAllows us to check for NULL on all \fBACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr\fR objects.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep\fR (X *p = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep\fR (void)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Auto_Basic_Ptr\fR<X> \fBptr_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to the result.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBref_count_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIReference count.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_LOCK \fBlock_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fISynchronization variable for the MT_SAFE .\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep<X, ACE_LOCK>* \fBcreate\fR (X *p)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep<X, ACE_LOCK> and initialize the reference count.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep<X, ACE_LOCK>* \fBattach\fR (ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep<X, ACE_LOCK> *&rep)"
.br
.RI "\fIIncrease the reference count and return argument. Uses the attribute "ace_lock_" to synchronize reference count updating. Precondition (rep != 0).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdetach\fR (ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep<X, ACE_LOCK> *&rep)"
.br
.RI "\fIDecreases the reference count and and deletes rep if there are no more references to rep. Precondition (rep != 0).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBassign\fR (ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep<X, ACE_LOCK> *&rep, ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep<X, ACE_LOCK> *new_rep)"
.br
.RI "\fIDecreases the rep's reference count and and deletes rep if there are no more references to rep. Then assigns new_rep to rep. Precondition (rep != 0 && new_rep != 0).\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr< X,ACE_LOCK >\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class X, class ACE_LOCK>  template class ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep
An ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep<X, ACE_LOCK> object incapsulates a pointer to an object of type X. It is pointed to by \fBACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr\fR<X, ACE_LOCK> object[s] and only accessible through them.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep<X, ACE_LOCK>::ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep<X, ACE_LOCK> (X * p = 0)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep<X, ACE_LOCK>::~ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep<X, ACE_LOCK> (void)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> void ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep<X, ACE_LOCK>::assign (ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep< X,ACE_LOCK >*& rep, ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep< X,ACE_LOCK >* new_rep)\fC [static, private]\fR
.PP
Decreases the rep's reference count and and deletes rep if there are no more references to rep. Then assigns new_rep to rep. Precondition (rep != 0 && new_rep != 0).
.PP
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep< X,ACE_LOCK >* ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep<X, ACE_LOCK>::attach (ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep< X,ACE_LOCK >*& rep)\fC [static, private]\fR
.PP
Increase the reference count and return argument. Uses the attribute "ace_lock_" to synchronize reference count updating. Precondition (rep != 0).
.PP
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep< X,ACE_LOCK >* ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep<X, ACE_LOCK>::create (X * p)\fC [static, private]\fR
.PP
Create a ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep<X, ACE_LOCK> and initialize the reference count.
.PP
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> void ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep<X, ACE_LOCK>::detach (ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep< X,ACE_LOCK >*& rep)\fC [static, private]\fR
.PP
Decreases the reference count and and deletes rep if there are no more references to rep. Precondition (rep != 0).
.PP
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> X * ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep<X, ACE_LOCK>::get (void)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Get the pointer value.
.PP
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> int ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep<X, ACE_LOCK>::null (void) const\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Allows us to check for NULL on all \fBACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr\fR objects.
.PP
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> X * ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep<X, ACE_LOCK>::release (void)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Sets the pointer value to 0 and returns its old value.
.PP
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> void ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep<X, ACE_LOCK>::reset (X * p = 0)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Invokes delete on the previous pointer value and then sets the pointer value to the specified value.
.PP
.SH FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> class \fBACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr\fR\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep<X, ACE_LOCK>::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> ACE_LOCK ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep<X, ACE_LOCK>::lock_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Synchronization variable for the MT_SAFE .
.PP
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> \fBACE_Auto_Basic_Ptr\fR< X > ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep<X, ACE_LOCK>::ptr_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Pointer to the result.
.PP
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> int ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep<X, ACE_LOCK>::ref_count_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Reference count.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.