.TH ACE_LSOCK_Stream 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_LSOCK_Stream \- Create a Local \fBACE_SOCK\fR stream. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <LSOCK_Stream.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_SOCK_Stream\fR, and \fBACE_LSOCK\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBACE_UNIX_Addr\fR \fBPEER_ADDR\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBssize_t\fR \fBsend_msg\fR (const \fBiovec\fR iov[], size_t n, ACE_HANDLE handle)"
.br
.RI "\fISend iovecs via <writev>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBssize_t\fR \fBrecv_msg\fR (\fBiovec\fR iov[], size_t n, ACE_HANDLE &handle)"
.br
.RI "\fISend iovecs via <writev>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBget_handle\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet handle.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_handle\fR (ACE_HANDLE fd)"
.br
.RI "\fIOverrides set_handle from the base classes.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBget_local_addr\fR (\fBACE_Addr\fR &) const"
.br
.RI "\fIThis method simply returns the "local" addr.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBget_remote_addr\fR (\fBACE_Addr\fR &) const"
.br
.RI "\fIThis method returns the "local" addr since it's the same value for UNIX domain sockets.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Create a Local \fBACE_SOCK\fR stream.
.PP
.SH MEMBER TYPEDEF DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS typedef \fBACE_UNIX_Addr\fR ACE_LSOCK_Stream::PEER_ADDR
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_SOCK_Stream\fR.
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_LSOCK_Stream::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_LSOCK\fR.
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_LSOCK_Stream::get_handle (void) const
.PP
Get handle.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_LSOCK\fR.
.SS int ACE_LSOCK_Stream::get_local_addr (\fBACE_Addr\fR &) const
.PP
This method simply returns the "local" addr.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_SOCK\fR.
.SS int ACE_LSOCK_Stream::get_remote_addr (\fBACE_Addr\fR &) const
.PP
This method returns the "local" addr since it's the same value for UNIX domain sockets.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_SOCK\fR.
.SS \fBssize_t\fR ACE_LSOCK_Stream::recv_msg (\fBiovec\fR iov[], size_t n, ACE_HANDLE & handle)
.PP
Send iovecs via <writev>.
.PP
.SS \fBssize_t\fR ACE_LSOCK_Stream::send_msg (const \fBiovec\fR iov[], size_t n, ACE_HANDLE handle)
.PP
Send iovecs via <writev>.
.PP
.SS void ACE_LSOCK_Stream::set_handle (ACE_HANDLE fd)
.PP
Overrides set_handle from the base classes.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_LSOCK\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_LSOCK_Stream::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_LSOCK\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.