.TH ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <POSIX_Asynch_IO.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Asynch_Accept_Impl\fR, and \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Operation\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept\fR (\fBACE_POSIX_Proactor\fR * posix_proactor)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopen\fR (\fBACE_Handler\fR &handler, ACE_HANDLE handle, const void *completion_key, \fBACE_Proactor\fR *proactor = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBaccept\fR (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR &message_block, u_long bytes_to_read, ACE_HANDLE accept_handle, const void *act, int priority, int signal_number = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcancel\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBclose\fR ( int flg_notify)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Proactor\fR* \fBproactor\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the underlying proactor.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Reactor\fR \fBreactor_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIReactor to wait on the <listen_handle>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Handler\fR* \fBaccept_handler_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe Event Handler to do handle_input.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgrp_id_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIgroup id for the thread that we create for accepts.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_POSIX_Proactor\fR* \fBposix_proactor_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPOSIX Proactor implementation.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void* \fBthread_function\fR (void* reactor)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe thread function that does handle events.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept::ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept (\fBACE_POSIX_Proactor\fR * posix_proactor)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept::~ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept::accept (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR & message_block, u_long bytes_to_read, ACE_HANDLE accept_handle, const void * act, int priority, int signal_number = 0)
.PP
This starts off an asynchronous accept. The asynchronous accept call also allows any initial data to be returned to the <handler>. Upto <bytes_to_read> will be read and stored in the <message_block>. The  will be used for the  call. If ( == INVALID_HANDLE), a new handle will be created.
.PP
<message_block> must be specified. This is because the address of the new connection is placed at the end of this buffer. 
.SS int ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept::cancel (void)
.PP
Cancel all pending pseudo-asynchronus requests Behavior as usual AIO request 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Operation\fR.
.SS int ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept::close (int flg_notify)
.PP
Close performs cancellation of all pending requests Parameter flg_notify can be  0 - don't send notifications about canceled accepts 1 - notify user about canceled accepts according POSIX standards we should receive notifications on canceled AIO requests 
.SS int ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept::open (\fBACE_Handler\fR & handler, ACE_HANDLE handle, const void * completion_key, \fBACE_Proactor\fR * proactor = 0)
.PP
This <open> belongs to ACE_AIOCB_Asynch_Operation. We forward this call to that method. We have put this here to avoid the compiler warnings. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Operation\fR.
.SS \fBACE_Proactor\fR * ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept::proactor (void) const
.PP
Return the underlying proactor.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Operation\fR.
.SS void * ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept::thread_function (void * reactor)\fC [static, private]\fR
.PP
The thread function that does handle events.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept_Handler\fR * ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept::accept_handler_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
The Event Handler to do handle_input.
.PP
.SS int ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept::grp_id_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
group id for the thread that we create for accepts.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_POSIX_Proactor\fR * ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept::posix_proactor_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
POSIX Proactor implementation.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Reactor\fR ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Accept::reactor_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Reactor to wait on the <listen_handle>.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.