.TH ACE_Service_Object 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Service_Object \- Provide the abstract base class common to all service implementations. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Service_Object.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR, and \fBACE_Shared_Object\fR.
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_Acceptor\fR, \fBACE_Connector\fR, \fBACE_Logging_Strategy\fR, \fBACE_Naming_Context\fR, \fBACE_Oneshot_Acceptor\fR, \fBACE_Service_Manager\fR, and \fBACE_Task_Base\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Service_Object\fR (\fBACE_Reactor\fR * = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Service_Object\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBsuspend\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fITemporarily disable a service without removing it completely.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBresume\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIRe-enable a previously suspended service.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Provide the abstract base class common to all service implementations.
.PP
.PP
 Classes that inherit from  are capable of being registered with the  (due to the , as well as being dynamically linked by the  (due to the ). 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Service_Object::ACE_Service_Object (\fBACE_Reactor\fR * = 0)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Service_Object::~ACE_Service_Object (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Service_Object::resume (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Re-enable a previously suspended service.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Acceptor\fR, \fBACE_Strategy_Acceptor\fR, \fBACE_Oneshot_Acceptor\fR, \fBACE_Connector\fR, \fBACE_Service_Manager\fR, and \fBACE_Task_Base\fR.
.SS int ACE_Service_Object::suspend (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Temporarily disable a service without removing it completely.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Acceptor\fR, \fBACE_Strategy_Acceptor\fR, \fBACE_Oneshot_Acceptor\fR, \fBACE_Connector\fR, \fBACE_Service_Manager\fR, and \fBACE_Task_Base\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.