.TH ACE_Init_ACE 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Init_ACE \- Initialize \fBACE\fR library services. Can be called only once per program invocation. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Init_ACE.h>\fR
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE\fR.
.PP
.SS Static Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBinit\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns 0 on success, -1 on failure, and 1 if it had already been called.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBfini\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns 0 on success, -1 on failure, and 1 if it had already been called.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "u_int \fBinit_fini_count_\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Initialize \fBACE\fR library services. Can be called only once per program invocation.
.PP
.PP
 
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Init_ACE::fini (void)\fC [static]\fR
.PP
Returns 0 on success, -1 on failure, and 1 if it had already been called.
.PP
Shut down \fBACE\fR library services. Can be called only once per program invocation. 
.SS int ACE_Init_ACE::init (void)\fC [static]\fR
.PP
Returns 0 on success, -1 on failure, and 1 if it had already been called.
.PP
This class implements the fucntions for the initialization and shutting down \fBACE\fR. These functions are called only once per \fBACE\fR invokation. 
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS u_int ACE_Init_ACE::init_fini_count_\fC [static, private]\fR
.PP
Counter to match <init>/<fini> calls. <init> must increment it; <fini> must decrement it. <fini> then does nothing until it reaches 0. 

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.