.TH ACE_Filecache 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Filecache \- A hash table holding the information about entry point into the Cached Virtual Filesystem. On insertion, the reference count is incremented. On destruction, reference count is decremented. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Filecache.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum { \fBACE_DEFAULT_VIRTUAL_FILESYSTEM_TABLE_SIZE\fR = 512, \fBACE_DEFAULT_VIRTUAL_FILESYSTEM_CACHE_SIZE\fR = 20 }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Filecache\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBfind\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *filename)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns 0 if the file associated with ``filename'' is in the cache, or -1 if not.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Filecache_Object\fR* \fBfetch\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *filename, int mapit = 1)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the file associated with ``filename'' if it is in the cache, or create if not.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Filecache_Object\fR* \fBremove\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *filename)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove the file associated with ``filename'' from the cache.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Filecache_Object\fR* \fBcreate\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *filename, int size)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a new Filecache_Object, returns it.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Filecache_Object\fR* \fBfinish\fR (\fBACE_Filecache_Object\fR *&new_file)"
.br
.RI "\fIRelease an acquired Filecache_Object, returns it again or NULL if it was deleted.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Filecache* \fBinstance\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fISingleton pattern.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Filecache_Object\fR* \fBinsert_i\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *filename, ACE_SYNCH_RW_MUTEX &filelock, int mapit)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Filecache_Object\fR* \fBremove_i\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *filename)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Filecache_Object\fR* \fBupdate_i\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *filename, ACE_SYNCH_RW_MUTEX &filelock, int mapit)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Filecache\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIPrevent it from being called.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsize_\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Filecache_Hash\fR \fBhash_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe hash table.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_SYNCH_RW_MUTEX \fBhash_lock_\fR [ACE_DEFAULT_VIRTUAL_FILESYSTEM_TABLE_SIZE]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_SYNCH_RW_MUTEX \fBfile_lock_\fR [ACE_DEFAULT_VIRTUAL_FILESYSTEM_TABLE_SIZE]"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Static Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Filecache* \fBcvf_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe reference to the instance.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
A hash table holding the information about entry point into the Cached Virtual Filesystem. On insertion, the reference count is incremented. On destruction, reference count is decremented.
.PP
.SH MEMBER ENUMERATION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS anonymous enum
.PP
\fBEnumeration values:\fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIACE_DEFAULT_VIRTUAL_FILESYSTEM_TABLE_SIZE\fR \fRFor this stupid implementation, use an array. Someday, use a balanced search tree, or real hash table.
.TP
\fB\fIACE_DEFAULT_VIRTUAL_FILESYSTEM_CACHE_SIZE\fR \fRThis determines the highwater mark in megabytes for the cache. This will be ignored for now.
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Filecache::~ACE_Filecache (void)
.PP
.SS ACE_Filecache::ACE_Filecache (void)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Prevent it from being called.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_Filecache_Object\fR * ACE_Filecache::create (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * filename, int size)
.PP
Create a new Filecache_Object, returns it.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Filecache_Object\fR * ACE_Filecache::fetch (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * filename, int mapit = 1)
.PP
Return the file associated with ``filename'' if it is in the cache, or create if not.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Filecache::find (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * filename)
.PP
Returns 0 if the file associated with ``filename'' is in the cache, or -1 if not.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Filecache_Object\fR * ACE_Filecache::finish (\fBACE_Filecache_Object\fR *& new_file)
.PP
Release an acquired Filecache_Object, returns it again or NULL if it was deleted.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Filecache_Object\fR* ACE_Filecache::insert_i (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * filename, ACE_SYNCH_RW_MUTEX & filelock, int mapit)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
.SS ACE_Filecache * ACE_Filecache::instance (void)\fC [static]\fR
.PP
Singleton pattern.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Filecache_Object\fR * ACE_Filecache::remove (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * filename)
.PP
Remove the file associated with ``filename'' from the cache.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Filecache_Object\fR* ACE_Filecache::remove_i (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * filename)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Filecache_Object\fR* ACE_Filecache::update_i (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * filename, ACE_SYNCH_RW_MUTEX & filelock, int mapit)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Filecache * ACE_Filecache::cvf_\fC [static, private]\fR
.PP
The reference to the instance.
.PP
.SS ACE_SYNCH_RW_MUTEX ACE_Filecache::file_lock_[ACE_DEFAULT_VIRTUAL_FILESYSTEM_TABLE_SIZE]\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Filecache_Hash\fR ACE_Filecache::hash_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
The hash table.
.PP
.SS ACE_SYNCH_RW_MUTEX ACE_Filecache::hash_lock_[ACE_DEFAULT_VIRTUAL_FILESYSTEM_TABLE_SIZE]\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SS int ACE_Filecache::size_\fC [private]\fR
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.