.TH ACE_Pair 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Pair \- Defines a pair. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Pair_T.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef T1 \fBfirst_type\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef T2 \fBsecond_type\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Pair\fR (const T1 &t1, const T2 &t2)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Pair\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "T1& \fBfirst\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet/Set first.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const T1& \fBfirst\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBfirst\fR (const T1 &t1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "T2& \fBsecond\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIAccess second.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const T2& \fBsecond\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsecond\fR (const T2 &t2)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "T1 \fBfirst_\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "T2 \fBsecond_\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class T1, class T2>  template class ACE_Pair
Defines a pair.
.PP
.PP
 Similar to the STL pair. 
.PP
.SH MEMBER TYPEDEF DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT1, classT2> typedef T1 ACE_Pair<T1, T2>::first_type
.PP
.SS template<classT1, classT2> typedef T2 ACE_Pair<T1, T2>::second_type
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT1, classT2> ACE_Pair<T1, T2>::ACE_Pair<T1, T2> (const T1 & t1, const T2 & t2)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SS template<classT1, classT2> ACE_Pair<T1, T2>::ACE_Pair<T1, T2> (void)
.PP
Default constructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT1, classT2> void ACE_Pair<T1, T2>::first (const T1 & t1)
.PP
.SS template<classT1, classT2> const T1& ACE_Pair<T1, T2>::first (void) const
.PP
.SS template<classT1, classT2> T1 & ACE_Pair<T1, T2>::first (void)
.PP
Get/Set first.
.PP
.SS template<classT1, classT2> void ACE_Pair<T1, T2>::second (const T2 & t2)
.PP
.SS template<classT1, classT2> const T2& ACE_Pair<T1, T2>::second (void) const
.PP
.SS template<classT1, classT2> T2 & ACE_Pair<T1, T2>::second (void)
.PP
Access second.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT1, classT2> T1 ACE_Pair<T1, T2>::first_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
.SS template<classT1, classT2> T2 ACE_Pair<T1, T2>::second_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.