.TH ACE_Thread_Strategy 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Thread_Strategy \- Defines the interface for specifying a concurrency strategy for a <SVC_HANDLER> based on multithreading. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Strategies_T.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Concurrency_Strategy< SVC_HANDLER >\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Thread_Strategy\fR (int flags = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fI"Do-nothing constructor".\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Thread_Strategy\fR (\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR *tm, long thr_flags, size_t n_threads = 1, int flags = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialize the strategy.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBopen\fR (\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR *tm, long thr_flags, size_t n_threads = 1, int flags = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialize the strategy.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Thread_Strategy\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBactivate_svc_handler\fR (SVC_HANDLER *svc_handler, void *arg = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBACE_Concurrency_Strategy\fR<SVC_HANDLER> \fBinherited\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR* \fBthr_mgr_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThread manager for this class (must be provided).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBthr_flags_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIFlags to pass into the <SVC_HANDLER::activate> method.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBn_threads_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fINumber of threads to spawn.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class SVC_HANDLER>  template class ACE_Thread_Strategy
Defines the interface for specifying a concurrency strategy for a <SVC_HANDLER> based on multithreading.
.PP
.PP
 This class provides a strategy that manages the creation of threads to handle requests from clients concurrently. It behaves as a "thread factory", spawning threads "on-demand" to run the service specified by a user-supplied <SVC_HANDLER>. 
.PP
.SH MEMBER TYPEDEF DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> typedef \fBACE_Concurrency_Strategy\fR<SVC_HANDLER> ACE_Thread_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::inherited\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> ACE_Thread_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::ACE_Thread_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER> (int flags = 0)
.PP
"Do-nothing constructor".
.PP
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> ACE_Thread_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::ACE_Thread_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER> (\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR * tm, long thr_flags, size_t n_threads = 1, int flags = 0)
.PP
Initialize the strategy.
.PP
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> virtual ACE_Thread_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::~ACE_Thread_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER> (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> int ACE_Thread_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::activate_svc_handler (SVC_HANDLER * svc_handler, void * arg = 0)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Activate the <svc_handler> with an appropriate concurrency strategy. This method activates the SVC_HANDLER by first calling its <open> method and then calling its  method to turn it into an active object. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Concurrency_Strategy\fR.
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> void ACE_Thread_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Concurrency_Strategy\fR.
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> int ACE_Thread_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::open (\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR * tm, long thr_flags, size_t n_threads = 1, int flags = 0)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Initialize the strategy.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> ACE_Thread_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Concurrency_Strategy\fR.
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> size_t ACE_Thread_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::n_threads_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Number of threads to spawn.
.PP
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> long ACE_Thread_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::thr_flags_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Flags to pass into the <SVC_HANDLER::activate> method.
.PP
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> \fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR * ACE_Thread_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::thr_mgr_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Thread manager for this class (must be provided).
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.