.TH ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Notify 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Notify \- Unblock the  from its event loop, passing it an optional  to dispatch. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <WFMO_Reactor.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Reactor_Notify\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_WFMO_Reactor_Notify\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBopen\fR (\fBACE_Reactor_Impl\fR *wfmo_reactor, \fBACE_Timer_Queue\fR *timer_queue, int disable_notify = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialization. <timer_queue> is stored to call <gettimeofday>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBclose\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fINo-op.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBssize_t\fR \fBnotify\fR (\fBACE_Event_Handler\fR *event_handler = 0, \fBACE_Reactor_Mask\fR mask = ACE_Event_Handler::EXCEPT_MASK, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBdispatch_notifications\fR (int &number_of_active_handles, \fBACE_Handle_Set\fR &rd_mask)"
.br
.RI "\fINo-op.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual ACE_HANDLE \fBget_handle\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns a handle to the .\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual ACE_HANDLE \fBnotify_handle\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the ACE_HANDLE of the notify pipe on which the reactor is listening for notifications so that other threads can unblock the <Reactor_Impl>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBdispatch_notify\fR (\fBACE_Notification_Buffer\fR &buffer)"
.br
.RI "\fIHandle one of the notify call on the <handle>. This could be because of a thread trying to unblock the <Reactor_Impl>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBis_dispatchable\fR (\fBACE_Notification_Buffer\fR &buffer)"
.br
.RI "\fIVerify whether the buffer has dispatchable info or not.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBread_notify_pipe\fR (ACE_HANDLE handle, \fBACE_Notification_Buffer\fR &buffer)"
.br
.RI "\fIRead one of the notify call on the <handle> into the <buffer>. This could be because of a thread trying to unblock the <Reactor_Impl>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBmax_notify_iterations\fR (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmax_notify_iterations\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBpurge_pending_notifications\fR (\fBACE_Event_Handler\fR *, \fBACE_Reactor_Mask\fR = ACE_Event_Handler::ALL_EVENTS_MASK)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBhandle_signal\fR (int signum, \fBsiginfo_t\fR * = 0, \fBucontext_t\fR * = 0)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Timer_Queue\fR* \fBtimer_queue_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to the wfmo_reactor's timer queue.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Auto_Event\fR \fBwakeup_one_thread_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIAn auto event is used so that we can <signal> it to wakeup one thread up (e.g., when the <notify> method is called).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Message_Queue\fR<ACE_MT_SYNCH> \fBmessage_queue_\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmax_notify_iterations_\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Unblock the  from its event loop, passing it an optional  to dispatch.
.PP
.PP
 This implementation is necessary for cases where the  is run in a multi-threaded program. In this case, we need to be able to unblock <WaitForMultipleObjects> when updates occur other than in the main  thread. To do this, we signal an auto-reset event the  is listening on. If an  and  is passed to <notify>, the appropriate <handle_*> method is dispatched. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Notify::ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Notify (void)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Notify::close (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
No-op.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Reactor_Notify\fR.
.SS int ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Notify::dispatch_notifications (int & number_of_active_handles, \fBACE_Handle_Set\fR & rd_mask)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
No-op.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Reactor_Notify\fR.
.SS int ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Notify::dispatch_notify (\fBACE_Notification_Buffer\fR & buffer)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Handle one of the notify call on the <handle>. This could be because of a thread trying to unblock the <Reactor_Impl>.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Reactor_Notify\fR.
.SS void ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Notify::dump (void) const\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Reactor_Notify\fR.
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Notify::get_handle (void) const\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Returns a handle to the .
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR.
.SS int ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Notify::handle_signal (int signum, \fBsiginfo_t\fR * = 0, \fBucontext_t\fR * = 0)\fC [private, virtual]\fR
.PP
Called when the notification event waited on by  is signaled. This dequeues all pending  and dispatches them. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR.
.SS int ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Notify::is_dispatchable (\fBACE_Notification_Buffer\fR & buffer)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Verify whether the buffer has dispatchable info or not.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Reactor_Notify\fR.
.SS int ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Notify::max_notify_iterations (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Get the maximum number of times that the  method will iterate and dispatch the  that are passed in via the notify queue before breaking out of its  loop. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Reactor_Notify\fR.
.SS void ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Notify::max_notify_iterations (int)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Set the maximum number of times that the  method will iterate and dispatch the  that are passed in via the notify queue before breaking out of its  loop. By default, this is set to -1, which means "iterate until the queue is empty." Setting this to a value like "1 or 2" will increase "fairness" (and thus prevent starvation) at the expense of slightly higher dispatching overhead. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Reactor_Notify\fR.
.SS \fBssize_t\fR ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Notify::notify (\fBACE_Event_Handler\fR * event_handler = 0, \fBACE_Reactor_Mask\fR mask = ACE_Event_Handler::EXCEPT_MASK, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Special trick to unblock <WaitForMultipleObjects> when updates occur. All we do is enqueue <event_handler> and <mask> onto the  and wakeup the <WFMO_Reactor> by signaling its  handle. The  indicates how long to blocking trying to notify the <WFMO_Reactor>. If <timeout> == 0, the caller will block until action is possible, else will wait until the relative time specified in <timeout> elapses). 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Reactor_Notify\fR.
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Notify::notify_handle (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Returns the ACE_HANDLE of the notify pipe on which the reactor is listening for notifications so that other threads can unblock the <Reactor_Impl>.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Reactor_Notify\fR.
.SS int ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Notify::open (\fBACE_Reactor_Impl\fR * wfmo_reactor, \fBACE_Timer_Queue\fR * timer_queue, int disable_notify = 0)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Initialization. <timer_queue> is stored to call <gettimeofday>.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Reactor_Notify\fR.
.SS int ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Notify::purge_pending_notifications (\fBACE_Event_Handler\fR *, \fBACE_Reactor_Mask\fR = ACE_Event_Handler::ALL_EVENTS_MASK)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Purge any notifications pending in this reactor for the specified  object. If <eh> == 0, all notifications for all handlers are removed (but not any notifications posted just to wake up the reactor itself). Returns the number of notifications purged. Returns -1 on error. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Reactor_Notify\fR.
.SS int ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Notify::read_notify_pipe (ACE_HANDLE handle, \fBACE_Notification_Buffer\fR & buffer)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Read one of the notify call on the <handle> into the <buffer>. This could be because of a thread trying to unblock the <Reactor_Impl>.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Reactor_Notify\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Notify::max_notify_iterations_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Keeps track of the maximum number of times that the  method will iterate and dispatch the  that are passed in via the notify queue before breaking out of its  loop. By default, this is set to -1, which means "iterate until the queue is empty." 
.SS \fBACE_Message_Queue\fR< ACE_MT_SYNCH > ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Notify::message_queue_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Timer_Queue\fR * ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Notify::timer_queue_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Pointer to the wfmo_reactor's timer queue.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Auto_Event\fR ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Notify::wakeup_one_thread_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
An auto event is used so that we can <signal> it to wakeup one thread up (e.g., when the <notify> method is called).
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.