.TH ACE_Free_List 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Free_List \- Implements a free list. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Free_List.h>\fR
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_Locked_Free_List\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Free_List\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor - removes all the elements from the free_list.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBadd\fR (T *element) = 0"
.br
.RI "\fIInserts an element onto the free list (if it isn't past the high water mark).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual T* \fBremove\fR (void) = 0"
.br
.RI "\fITakes a element off the freelist and returns it. It creates <inc> new elements if the size is at or below the low water mark.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual size_t \fBsize\fR (void) = 0"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the current size of the free list.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBresize\fR (size_t newsize) = 0"
.br
.RI "\fIResizes the free list to <newsize>.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class T>  template class ACE_Free_List
Implements a free list.
.PP
.PP
 This class maintains a free list of nodes of type T. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT> ACE_Free_List<T>::~ACE_Free_List<T> (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Destructor - removes all the elements from the free_list.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT> void ACE_Free_List<T>::add (T * element)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
Inserts an element onto the free list (if it isn't past the high water mark).
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Locked_Free_List\fR.
.SS template<classT> T * ACE_Free_List<T>::remove (void)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
Takes a element off the freelist and returns it. It creates <inc> new elements if the size is at or below the low water mark.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Locked_Free_List\fR.
.SS template<classT> void ACE_Free_List<T>::resize (size_t newsize)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
Resizes the free list to <newsize>.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Locked_Free_List\fR.
.SS template<classT> size_t ACE_Free_List<T>::size (void)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
Returns the current size of the free list.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Locked_Free_List\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.