.TH ACE_FILE_Connector 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_FILE_Connector \- Defines an active connection factory for the \fBACE_FILE\fR wrappers. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <FILE_Connector.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBACE_FILE_Addr\fR \fBPEER_ADDR\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBACE_FILE_IO\fR \fBPEER_STREAM\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_FILE_Connector\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_FILE_Connector\fR (\fBACE_FILE_IO\fR &new_io, const \fBACE_FILE_Addr\fR &remote_sap, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0, const \fBACE_Addr\fR &local_sap = \fBACE_Addr::sap_any\fR, int reuse_addr = 0, int flags = O_RDWR | O_CREAT, int perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBconnect\fR (\fBACE_FILE_IO\fR &new_io, const \fBACE_FILE_Addr\fR &remote_sap, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0, const \fBACE_Addr\fR &local_sap = \fBACE_Addr::sap_any\fR, int reuse_addr = 0, int flags = O_RDWR | O_CREAT, int perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBreset_new_handle\fR (ACE_HANDLE handle)"
.br
.RI "\fIResets any event associations on this handle.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Defines an active connection factory for the \fBACE_FILE\fR wrappers.
.PP
.SH MEMBER TYPEDEF DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS typedef \fBACE_FILE_Addr\fR ACE_FILE_Connector::PEER_ADDR
.PP
.SS typedef \fBACE_FILE_IO\fR ACE_FILE_Connector::PEER_STREAM
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_FILE_Connector::ACE_FILE_Connector (void)
.PP
Default constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_FILE_Connector::ACE_FILE_Connector (\fBACE_FILE_IO\fR & new_io, const \fBACE_FILE_Addr\fR & remote_sap, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0, const \fBACE_Addr\fR & local_sap = \fBACE_Addr::sap_any\fR, int reuse_addr = 0, int flags = O_RDWR | O_CREAT, int perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS)
.PP
Actively ``connect'' and produce a <new_io>  object if things go well. The <remote_sap> is the file that we are trying to create/open. If it's the default value of  then the user is letting the OS create the filename (via ). The <timeout> is the amount of time to wait to create/open the file. If it's 0 then we block indefinitely. If *timeout == {0, 0} then the file is created using non-blocking mode. In this case, if the create/open can't be done immediately the value of -1 is returned with <errno == EWOULDBLOCK>. If *timeout > {0, 0} then this is the maximum amount of time to wait before timing out. If the time expires before the connection is made <errno == ETIME>. The <local_sap> and <reuse_addr> parameters are ignored. The <flags> and <perms> arguments are passed down to the  method. 
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_FILE_Connector::connect (\fBACE_FILE_IO\fR & new_io, const \fBACE_FILE_Addr\fR & remote_sap, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0, const \fBACE_Addr\fR & local_sap = \fBACE_Addr::sap_any\fR, int reuse_addr = 0, int flags = O_RDWR | O_CREAT, int perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS)
.PP
Actively ``connect'' and produce a <new_io>  object if things go well. The <remote_sap> is the file that we are trying to create/open. If it's the default value of  then the user is letting the OS create the filename (via ). The <timeout> is the amount of time to wait to create/open the file. If it's 0 then we block indefinitely. If *timeout == {0, 0} then the file is created using non-blocking mode. In this case, if the create/open can't be done immediately the value of -1 is returned with <errno == EWOULDBLOCK>. If *timeout > {0, 0} then this is the maximum amount of time to wait before timing out. If the time expires before the connection is made <errno == ETIME>. The <local_sap> and <reuse_addr> parameters are ignored. The <flags> and <perms> arguments are passed down to the  method. 
.SS void ACE_FILE_Connector::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS int ACE_FILE_Connector::reset_new_handle (ACE_HANDLE handle)
.PP
Resets any event associations on this handle.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_FILE_Connector::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.