.TH ACE_Shared_Object 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Shared_Object \- Provide the abstract base class used to access dynamic linking facilities. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Shared_Object.h>\fR
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_Service_Object\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Shared_Object\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBinit\fR (int argc, \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *argv[])"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes object when dynamic linking occurs.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBfini\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fITerminates object when dynamic unlinking occurs.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBinfo\fR (\fBACE_TCHAR\fR **info_string, size_t length = 0) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns information on a service object.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Shared_Object\fR (void)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Provide the abstract base class used to access dynamic linking facilities.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Shared_Object::ACE_Shared_Object (void)
.PP
.SS virtual ACE_Shared_Object::~ACE_Shared_Object (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Shared_Object::fini (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Terminates object when dynamic unlinking occurs.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Acceptor\fR, \fBACE_Strategy_Acceptor\fR, \fBACE_Oneshot_Acceptor\fR, \fBACE_Connector\fR, \fBACE_Logging_Strategy\fR, \fBACE_Naming_Context\fR, \fBACE_Service_Manager\fR, \fBACE_Stream_Head\fR, \fBACE_Stream_Tail\fR, \fBACE_Thru_Task\fR, and \fBACE_Svc_Handler\fR.
.SS int ACE_Shared_Object::info (\fBACE_TCHAR\fR ** info_string, size_t length = 0) const\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Returns information on a service object.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Acceptor\fR, \fBACE_Strategy_Acceptor\fR, \fBACE_Oneshot_Acceptor\fR, \fBACE_Connector\fR, \fBACE_Service_Manager\fR, \fBACE_Stream_Head\fR, \fBACE_Stream_Tail\fR, \fBACE_Thru_Task\fR, and \fBACE_Svc_Handler\fR.
.SS int ACE_Shared_Object::init (int argc, \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * argv[])\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Initializes object when dynamic linking occurs.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Acceptor\fR, \fBACE_Oneshot_Acceptor\fR, \fBACE_Connector\fR, \fBACE_Logging_Strategy\fR, \fBACE_Naming_Context\fR, \fBACE_Service_Manager\fR, \fBACE_Stream_Head\fR, \fBACE_Stream_Tail\fR, \fBACE_Thru_Task\fR, and \fBACE_Svc_Handler\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.