.TH ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr \- This class implements support for a reference counted \fBauto_ptr\fR. Assigning or copying instances of an ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr will automatically increment the reference count. When the last instance that references a ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr instance is destroyed or overwritten, it will invoke delete on its underlying pointer. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Refcounted_Auto_Ptr.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr\fR (X *p = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor that initializes an  to point to the result <r> immediately.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr\fR (const ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr<X, ACE_LOCK> &r)"
.br
.RI "\fICopy constructor binds <this> and <r> to the same . An  is created if necessary.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator=\fR (const ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr<X, ACE_LOCK> &r)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssignment operator that binds <this> and <r> to the same . An  is created if necessary.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator==\fR (const ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr<X, ACE_LOCK> &r) const"
.br
.RI "\fIEquality operator that returns 1 if both ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr<X, ACE_LOCK> objects point to the same \fBACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep\fR<X, ACE_LOCK> object. Attention: It also returns 1 if both objects have just been instantiated and not used yet.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator!=\fR (const ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr<X, ACE_LOCK> &r) const"
.br
.RI "\fIInequality operator, which is the opposite of equality.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "X* \fBoperator->\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIRedirection operator.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "X& \fBoperator *\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "X* \fBrelease\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the pointer value to 0 and returns its old value.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBreset\fR (X *p = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIInvokes delete on the previous pointer value and then sets the pointer value to the specified value.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "X* \fBget\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the pointer value.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnull\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIAllows us to check for NULL on all ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr objects.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep\fR<X, ACE_LOCK> \fBAUTO_REFCOUNTED_PTR_REP\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIthe \fBACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep\fR.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAUTO_REFCOUNTED_PTR_REP\fR* \fBrep_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIProtect operations on the .\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class X, class ACE_LOCK>  template class ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr
This class implements support for a reference counted \fBauto_ptr\fR. Assigning or copying instances of an ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr will automatically increment the reference count. When the last instance that references a ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr instance is destroyed or overwritten, it will invoke delete on its underlying pointer.
.PP
.SH MEMBER TYPEDEF DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> typedef \fBACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep\fR<X, ACE_LOCK> ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr<X, ACE_LOCK>::AUTO_REFCOUNTED_PTR_REP\fC [private]\fR
.PP
the \fBACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep\fR.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr<X, ACE_LOCK>::ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr<X, ACE_LOCK> (X * p = 0)
.PP
Constructor that initializes an  to point to the result <r> immediately.
.PP
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr<X, ACE_LOCK>::ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr<X, ACE_LOCK> (const ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr< X,ACE_LOCK >& r)
.PP
Copy constructor binds <this> and <r> to the same . An  is created if necessary.
.PP
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr<X, ACE_LOCK>::~ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr<X, ACE_LOCK> (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> X * ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr<X, ACE_LOCK>::get (void)
.PP
Get the pointer value.
.PP
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> int ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr<X, ACE_LOCK>::null (void) const
.PP
Allows us to check for NULL on all ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr objects.
.PP
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> X& ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr<X, ACE_LOCK>::operator * () const
.PP
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> int ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr<X, ACE_LOCK>::operator!= (const ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr< X,ACE_LOCK >& r) const
.PP
Inequality operator, which is the opposite of equality.
.PP
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> X * ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr<X, ACE_LOCK>::operator-> (void) const
.PP
Redirection operator.
.PP
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> void ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr<X, ACE_LOCK>::operator= (const ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr< X,ACE_LOCK >& r)
.PP
Assignment operator that binds <this> and <r> to the same . An  is created if necessary.
.PP
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> int ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr<X, ACE_LOCK>::operator== (const ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr< X,ACE_LOCK >& r) const
.PP
Equality operator that returns 1 if both ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr<X, ACE_LOCK> objects point to the same \fBACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr_Rep\fR<X, ACE_LOCK> object. Attention: It also returns 1 if both objects have just been instantiated and not used yet.
.PP
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> X * ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr<X, ACE_LOCK>::release (void)
.PP
Sets the pointer value to 0 and returns its old value.
.PP
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> void ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr<X, ACE_LOCK>::reset (X * p = 0)
.PP
Invokes delete on the previous pointer value and then sets the pointer value to the specified value.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr<X, ACE_LOCK>::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
.SS template<classX, classACE_LOCK> \fBAUTO_REFCOUNTED_PTR_REP\fR * ACE_Refcounted_Auto_Ptr<X, ACE_LOCK>::rep_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Protect operations on the .
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.