.TH ACE_Countdown_Time 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Countdown_Time \- Keeps track of the amount of elapsed time. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <OS.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Countdown_Time\fR (\fBACE_Time_Value\fR *max_wait_time)"
.br
.RI "\fICache the <max_wait_time> and call <start>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Countdown_Time\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fICall <stop>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBstart\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fICache the current time and enter a start state.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBstop\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fISubtract the elapsed time from max_wait_time_ and enter a stopped state.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBupdate\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fICalls stop and then start. max_wait_time_ is modified by the call to stop.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Time_Value\fR* \fBmax_wait_time_\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Time_Value\fR \fBstart_time_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIBeginning of the start time.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBstopped_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIKeeps track of whether we've already been stopped.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Keeps track of the amount of elapsed time.
.PP
.PP
 This class has a side-effect on the <max_wait_time> -- every time the <stop> method is called the <max_wait_time> is updated. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Countdown_Time::ACE_Countdown_Time (\fBACE_Time_Value\fR * max_wait_time)
.PP
Cache the <max_wait_time> and call <start>.
.PP
.SS ACE_Countdown_Time::~ACE_Countdown_Time (void)
.PP
Call <stop>.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Countdown_Time::start (void)
.PP
Cache the current time and enter a start state.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Countdown_Time::stop (void)
.PP
Subtract the elapsed time from max_wait_time_ and enter a stopped state.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Countdown_Time::update (void)
.PP
Calls stop and then start. max_wait_time_ is modified by the call to stop.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * ACE_Countdown_Time::max_wait_time_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Time_Value\fR ACE_Countdown_Time::start_time_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Beginning of the start time.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Countdown_Time::stopped_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Keeps track of whether we've already been stopped.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.