.TH ACE_Data_Block 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Data_Block \- Stores the data payload that is accessed via one or more s. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Message_Block.h>\fR
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_Locked_Data_Block\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Data_Block\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault "do-nothing" constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Data_Block\fR (size_t size, \fBACE_Message_Block::ACE_Message_Type\fR msg_type, const char *msg_data, \fBACE_Allocator\fR *allocator_strategy, \fBACE_Lock\fR *locking_strategy, \fBACE_Message_Block::Message_Flags\fR flags, \fBACE_Allocator\fR *data_block_allocator)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialize.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Data_Block\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDelete all the resources held in the message.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Message_Block::ACE_Message_Type\fR \fBmsg_type\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet type of the message.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBmsg_type\fR (\fBACE_Message_Block::ACE_Message_Type\fR type)"
.br
.RI "\fISet type of the message.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "char* \fBbase\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet message data pointer.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBbase\fR (char *data, size_t size, \fBACE_Message_Block::Message_Flags\fR mflags = ACE_Message_Block::DONT_DELETE)"
.br
.RI "\fISet message data pointer (doesn't reallocate).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "char* \fBend\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn a pointer to 1 past the end of the allocated data in a message.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "char* \fBmark\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBsize\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the total amount of allotted space in the message. The amount of allotted space may be less than allocated space.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsize\fR (size_t length)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the total amount of space in the message. Returns 0 if successful, else -1.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBcapacity\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the total amount of allocated space.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual ACE_Data_Block* \fBclone\fR (\fBACE_Message_Block::Message_Flags\fR mask = 0) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual ACE_Data_Block* \fBclone_nocopy\fR (\fBACE_Message_Block::Message_Flags\fR mask = 0) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Data_Block* \fBduplicate\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn a "shallow" copy that increments our reference count by 1.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Data_Block* \fBrelease\fR (\fBACE_Lock\fR *lock = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Message_Block::Message_Flags\fR \fBset_flags\fR (\fBACE_Message_Block::Message_Flags\fR more_flags)"
.br
.RI "\fIBitwise-or the <more_flags> into the existing message flags and return the new value.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Message_Block::Message_Flags\fR \fBclr_flags\fR (\fBACE_Message_Block::Message_Flags\fR less_flags)"
.br
.RI "\fIClear the message flag bits specified in <less_flags> and return the new value.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Message_Block::Message_Flags\fR \fBflags\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the current message flags.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Allocator\fR* \fBallocator_strategy\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIObtain the allocator strategy.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Lock\fR* \fBlocking_strategy\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the locking strategy. Set a new locking strategy and return the hold one.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Lock\fR* \fBlocking_strategy\fR (\fBACE_Lock\fR *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBreference_count\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the current reference count.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Allocator\fR* \fBdata_block_allocator\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the allocator used to create this object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Data_Block* \fBrelease_i\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIInternal release implementation.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Data_Block* \fBrelease_no_delete\fR (\fBACE_Lock\fR *lock)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Message_Block::ACE_Message_Type\fR \fBtype_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIType of message.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBcur_size_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fICurrent size of message block.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBmax_size_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fITotal size of buffer.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Message_Block::Message_Flags\fR \fBflags_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIMisc flags (e.g., DONT_DELETE and USER_FLAGS).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "char* \fBbase_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer To beginning of message payload.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Allocator\fR* \fBallocator_strategy_\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Lock\fR* \fBlocking_strategy_\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBreference_count_\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Allocator\fR* \fBdata_block_allocator_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe allocator use to destroy ourselves.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Data_Block& \fBoperator=\fR (const ACE_Data_Block &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Data_Block\fR (const ACE_Data_Block &)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_Message_Block\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Stores the data payload that is accessed via one or more s.
.PP
.PP
 This data structure is reference counted to maximize sharing. It also contains the <locking_strategy_> (which protects the reference count from race conditions in concurrent programs) and the  (which determines what memory pool is used to allocate the memory). 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Data_Block::ACE_Data_Block (void)
.PP
Default "do-nothing" constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Data_Block::ACE_Data_Block (size_t size, \fBACE_Message_Block::ACE_Message_Type\fR msg_type, const char * msg_data, \fBACE_Allocator\fR * allocator_strategy, \fBACE_Lock\fR * locking_strategy, \fBACE_Message_Block::Message_Flags\fR flags, \fBACE_Allocator\fR * data_block_allocator)
.PP
Initialize.
.PP
.SS ACE_Data_Block::~ACE_Data_Block (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Delete all the resources held in the message.
.PP
.SS ACE_Data_Block::ACE_Data_Block (const ACE_Data_Block &)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_Allocator\fR * ACE_Data_Block::allocator_strategy (void) const
.PP
Obtain the allocator strategy.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Data_Block::base (char * data, size_t size, \fBACE_Message_Block::Message_Flags\fR mflags = ACE_Message_Block::DONT_DELETE)
.PP
Set message data pointer (doesn't reallocate).
.PP
.SS char * ACE_Data_Block::base (void) const
.PP
Get message data pointer.
.PP
.SS size_t ACE_Data_Block::capacity (void) const
.PP
Get the total amount of allocated space.
.PP
.SS ACE_Data_Block * ACE_Data_Block::clone (\fBACE_Message_Block::Message_Flags\fR mask = 0) const\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Return an exact "deep copy" of the message, i.e., create fresh new copies of all the Data_Blocks and continuations. Notice that Data_Blocks can act as "Prototypes", i.e. derived classes can override this method and create instances of themselves. 
.SS ACE_Data_Block * ACE_Data_Block::clone_nocopy (\fBACE_Message_Block::Message_Flags\fR mask = 0) const\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
As clone above, but it does not copy the contents of the buffer, i.e., create a new Data_Block of the same dynamic type, with the same allocator, locking_strategy, and with the same amount of storage available but the buffer is unitialized. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Locked_Data_Block\fR.
.SS \fBACE_Message_Block::Message_Flags\fR ACE_Data_Block::clr_flags (\fBACE_Message_Block::Message_Flags\fR less_flags)
.PP
Clear the message flag bits specified in <less_flags> and return the new value.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Allocator\fR * ACE_Data_Block::data_block_allocator (void) const
.PP
Get the allocator used to create this object.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Data_Block::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS ACE_Data_Block * ACE_Data_Block::duplicate (void)
.PP
Return a "shallow" copy that increments our reference count by 1.
.PP
.SS char * ACE_Data_Block::end (void) const
.PP
Return a pointer to 1 past the end of the allocated data in a message.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Message_Block::Message_Flags\fR ACE_Data_Block::flags (void) const
.PP
Get the current message flags.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Lock\fR* ACE_Data_Block::locking_strategy (\fBACE_Lock\fR *)
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Lock\fR * ACE_Data_Block::locking_strategy (void)
.PP
Get the locking strategy. Set a new locking strategy and return the hold one.
.PP
.SS char * ACE_Data_Block::mark (void) const
.PP
Return a pointer to 1 past the end of the allotted data in a message. The allotted data may be less than allocated data if <\fBsize\fR()> is passed an argument less than <\fBcapacity\fR()>. 
.SS void ACE_Data_Block::msg_type (\fBACE_Message_Block::ACE_Message_Type\fR type)
.PP
Set type of the message.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Message_Block::ACE_Message_Type\fR ACE_Data_Block::msg_type (void) const
.PP
Get type of the message.
.PP
.SS ACE_Data_Block& ACE_Data_Block::operator= (const ACE_Data_Block &)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SS int ACE_Data_Block::reference_count (void) const
.PP
Get the current reference count.
.PP
.SS ACE_Data_Block * ACE_Data_Block::release (\fBACE_Lock\fR * lock = 0)
.PP
Decrease the shared reference count by 1. If the reference count is > 0 then return this; else if reference count == 0 then delete <this> and <mb> and return 0. Behavior is undefined if reference count < 0. 
.SS ACE_Data_Block * ACE_Data_Block::release_i (void)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Internal release implementation.
.PP
.SS ACE_Data_Block* ACE_Data_Block::release_no_delete (\fBACE_Lock\fR * lock)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Message_Block::Message_Flags\fR ACE_Data_Block::set_flags (\fBACE_Message_Block::Message_Flags\fR more_flags)
.PP
Bitwise-or the <more_flags> into the existing message flags and return the new value.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Data_Block::size (size_t length)
.PP
Set the total amount of space in the message. Returns 0 if successful, else -1.
.PP
.SS size_t ACE_Data_Block::size (void) const
.PP
Get the total amount of allotted space in the message. The amount of allotted space may be less than allocated space.
.PP
.SH FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS class ACE_Message_Block\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
Decrease the reference count, but don't delete the object. Returns 0 if the object should be removed. If <lock> is equal to the locking strategy then we assume that the lock is beign held by the current thread; this is used to release all the data blocks in a chain while holding a single lock. 
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_Allocator\fR * ACE_Data_Block::allocator_strategy_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Pointer to the allocator defined for this . Note that this pointer is shared by all owners of this . 
.SS char * ACE_Data_Block::base_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Pointer To beginning of message payload.
.PP
.SS size_t ACE_Data_Block::cur_size_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Current size of message block.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Allocator\fR * ACE_Data_Block::data_block_allocator_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
The allocator use to destroy ourselves.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Message_Block::Message_Flags\fR ACE_Data_Block::flags_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Misc flags (e.g., DONT_DELETE and USER_FLAGS).
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Lock\fR * ACE_Data_Block::locking_strategy_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Pointer to the locking strategy defined for this . This is used to protect regions of code that access shared  state. Note that this lock is shared by all owners of the 's data. 
.SS size_t ACE_Data_Block::max_size_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Total size of buffer.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Data_Block::reference_count_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Reference count for this , which is used to avoid deep copies (i.e., <clone>). Note that this pointer value is shared by all owners of the <Data_Block>'s data, i.e., all the s. 
.SS \fBACE_Message_Block::ACE_Message_Type\fR ACE_Data_Block::type_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Type of message.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.