.TH ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool \- Make a memory pool that is based on System V shared memory (shmget(2) etc.). This implementation allows memory to be shared between processes. If your platform doesn't support System V shared memory (e.g., Win32 and many RTOS platforms do not) then you should use \fBACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool\fR instead of this class. In fact, you should probably use \fBACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool\fR on platforms that *do* support System V shared memory since it provides more powerful features, such as persistent backing store and greatly scalability. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Memory_Pool.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBACE_Shared_Memory_Pool_Options\fR \fBOPTIONS\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Shared_Memory_Pool\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *backing_store_name = 0, const \fBOPTIONS\fR *options = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialize the pool.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void* \fBinit_acquire\fR (size_t nbytes, size_t &rounded_bytes, int &first_time)"
.br
.RI "\fIAsk system for initial chunk of local memory.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void* \fBacquire\fR (size_t nbytes, size_t &rounded_bytes)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBrelease\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIInstruct the memory pool to release all of its resources.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBsync\fR (\fBssize_t\fR len = -1, int flags = MS_SYNC)"
.br
.RI "\fISync the memory region to the backing store starting at <this->base_addr_>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBsync\fR (void *addr, size_t len, int flags = MS_SYNC)"
.br
.RI "\fISync the memory region to the backing store starting at .\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBprotect\fR (\fBssize_t\fR len = -1, int prot = PROT_RDWR)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBprotect\fR (void *addr, size_t len, int prot = PROT_RDWR)"
.br
.RI "\fIChange the protection of the pages of the mapped region to <prot> starting at  up to <len> bytes.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual size_t \fBround_up\fR (size_t nbytes)"
.br
.RI "\fIImplement the algorithm for rounding up the request to an appropriate chunksize.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBcommit_backing_store_name\fR (size_t rounded_bytes, off_t &offset)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBfind_seg\fR (const void *const searchPtr, off_t &offset, size_t &counter)"
.br
.RI "\fIfind the segment that contains the searchPtr.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBin_use\fR (off_t &offset, size_t &counter)"
.br
.RI "\fIDetermine how much memory is currently in use.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBhandle_signal\fR (int signum, \fBsiginfo_t\fR *, \fBucontext_t\fR *)"
.br
.RI "\fIHandle SIGSEGV and SIGBUS signals to remap shared memory properly.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void* \fBbase_addr_\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBfile_perms_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIFile permissions to use when creating/opening a segment.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBmax_segments_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fINumber of shared memory segments in the <\fBSHM_TABLE\fR> table.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "off_t \fBminimum_bytes_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIWhat the minimim bytes of the initial segment should be.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBsegment_size_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIShared memory segment size.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "key_t \fBbase_shm_key_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIBase shared memory key for the segment.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Sig_Handler\fR \fBsignal_handler_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIHandles SIGSEGV.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Make a memory pool that is based on System V shared memory (shmget(2) etc.). This implementation allows memory to be shared between processes. If your platform doesn't support System V shared memory (e.g., Win32 and many RTOS platforms do not) then you should use \fBACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool\fR instead of this class. In fact, you should probably use \fBACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool\fR on platforms that *do* support System V shared memory since it provides more powerful features, such as persistent backing store and greatly scalability.
.PP
.SH MEMBER TYPEDEF DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS typedef \fBACE_Shared_Memory_Pool_Options\fR ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool::OPTIONS
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool::ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * backing_store_name = 0, const \fBOPTIONS\fR * options = 0)
.PP
Initialize the pool.
.PP
.SS virtual ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool::~ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void * ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool::acquire (size_t nbytes, size_t & rounded_bytes)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Acquire at least NBYTES from the memory pool. ROUNDED_BYTES is the actual number of bytes allocated. Also acquires an internal semaphore that ensures proper serialization of Memory_Pool initialization across processes. 
.SS int ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool::commit_backing_store_name (size_t rounded_bytes, off_t & offset)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
Commits a new shared memory segment if necessary after an  or a signal. <offset> is set to the new offset into the backing store. 
.SS void ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool::dump (void) const\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool::find_seg (const void *const searchPtr, off_t & offset, size_t & counter)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
find the segment that contains the searchPtr.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool::handle_signal (int signum, \fBsiginfo_t\fR *, \fBucontext_t\fR *)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
Handle SIGSEGV and SIGBUS signals to remap shared memory properly.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR.
.SS int ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool::in_use (off_t & offset, size_t & counter)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
Determine how much memory is currently in use.
.PP
.SS void * ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool::init_acquire (size_t nbytes, size_t & rounded_bytes, int & first_time)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Ask system for initial chunk of local memory.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool::protect (void * addr, size_t len, int prot = PROT_RDWR)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Change the protection of the pages of the mapped region to <prot> starting at  up to <len> bytes.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool::protect (\fBssize_t\fR len = -1, int prot = PROT_RDWR)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Change the protection of the pages of the mapped region to <prot> starting at <this->base_addr_> up to <len> bytes. If <len> == -1 then change protection of all pages in the mapped region. 
.SS int ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool::release (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Instruct the memory pool to release all of its resources.
.PP
.SS size_t ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool::round_up (size_t nbytes)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
Implement the algorithm for rounding up the request to an appropriate chunksize.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool::sync (void * addr, size_t len, int flags = MS_SYNC)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Sync the memory region to the backing store starting at .
.PP
.SS int ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool::sync (\fBssize_t\fR len = -1, int flags = MS_SYNC)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Sync the memory region to the backing store starting at <this->base_addr_>.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
.SS void * ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool::base_addr_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Base address of the shared memory segment. If this has the value of 0 then the OS is free to select any address, otherwise this value is what the OS must try to use to map the shared memory segment. 
.SS key_t ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool::base_shm_key_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Base shared memory key for the segment.
.PP
.SS size_t ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool::file_perms_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
File permissions to use when creating/opening a segment.
.PP
.SS size_t ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool::max_segments_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Number of shared memory segments in the <\fBSHM_TABLE\fR> table.
.PP
.SS off_t ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool::minimum_bytes_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
What the minimim bytes of the initial segment should be.
.PP
.SS size_t ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool::segment_size_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Shared memory segment size.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Sig_Handler\fR ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool::signal_handler_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Handles SIGSEGV.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.