.TH ACE_Registry::Naming_Context 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Registry::Naming_Context \- An context representation. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Registry.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum { \fBMAX_OBJECT_NAME_SIZE\fR = BUFSIZ, \fBMAX_CONTEXT_NAME_SIZE\fR = MAXPATHLEN + 1 }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNaming_Context\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIEmpty constructor: keys will be NULL.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNaming_Context\fR (const HKEY &key)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor: key_ will be set to <key>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~Naming_Context\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor will call <\fBNaming_Context::close\fR>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBbind_new\fR (const \fBName\fR &name, const \fBObject\fR &object)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBbind_new\fR (const ACE_TString &name, const \fBObject\fR &object)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBbind\fR (const \fBName\fR &name, const \fBObject\fR &object)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBbind\fR (const ACE_TString &name, const \fBObject\fR &object)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrebind\fR (const \fBName\fR &name, const \fBObject\fR &object)"
.br
.RI "\fIUpdate <object> with <name> in <this> context (Name version).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrebind\fR (const ACE_TString &name, const \fBObject\fR &object)"
.br
.RI "\fIUpdate <object> with <name> in <this> context.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBresolve\fR (const \fBName\fR &name, \fBObject\fR &object)"
.br
.RI "\fIFind <object> with <name> in <this> context (Name version).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBresolve\fR (const ACE_TString &name, \fBObject\fR &object)"
.br
.RI "\fIFind <object> with <name> in <this> context.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBunbind\fR (const \fBName\fR &name)"
.br
.RI "\fIDelete object with <name> in <this> context (Name version).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBunbind\fR (const ACE_TString &name)"
.br
.RI "\fIDelete object with <name> in <this> context.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnew_context\fR (Naming_Context &naming_context)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate new <naming_context>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBbind_new_context\fR (const \fBName\fR &name, Naming_Context &naming_context, u_long persistence = REG_OPTION_NON_VOLATILE, u_long security_access = KEY_ALL_ACCESS, LPSECURITY_ATTRIBUTES security_attributes = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBbind_new_context\fR (const ACE_TString &name, Naming_Context &naming_context, u_long persistence = REG_OPTION_NON_VOLATILE, u_long security_access = KEY_ALL_ACCESS, LPSECURITY_ATTRIBUTES security_attributes = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIInsert <naming_context> with <name> relative to <this> context This will fail if <name> already exists.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBbind_context\fR (const \fBName\fR &name, Naming_Context &naming_context, u_long persistence = REG_OPTION_NON_VOLATILE, u_long security_access = KEY_ALL_ACCESS, LPSECURITY_ATTRIBUTES security_attributes = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBbind_context\fR (const ACE_TString &name, Naming_Context &naming_context, u_long persistence = REG_OPTION_NON_VOLATILE, u_long security_access = KEY_ALL_ACCESS, LPSECURITY_ATTRIBUTES security_attributes = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIInsert or update <naming_context> with <name> relative to <this> context This will not fail if <name> already exists.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrebind_context\fR (const \fBName\fR &name, Naming_Context &naming_context)"
.br
.RI "\fIRename <naming_context> to <name> (Name version).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrebind_context\fR (const ACE_TString &name, Naming_Context &naming_context)"
.br
.RI "\fIRename <naming_context> to <name>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBresolve_context\fR (const \fBName\fR &name, Naming_Context &naming_context, u_long security_access = KEY_ALL_ACCESS)"
.br
.RI "\fIFind <naming_context> with <name> in <this> context (Name version).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBresolve_context\fR (const ACE_TString &name, Naming_Context &naming_context, u_long security_access = KEY_ALL_ACCESS)"
.br
.RI "\fIFind <naming_context> with <name> in <this> context.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBunbind_context\fR (const \fBName\fR &name)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove naming_context with <name> from <this> context (Name version).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBunbind_context\fR (const ACE_TString &name)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove naming_context with <name> from <this> context.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdestroy\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fISame as <unbind_context> with <this> as naming_context.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBlist\fR (u_long how_many, \fBBinding_List\fR &list, \fBBinding_Iterator\fR &iterator)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBlist\fR (\fBBinding_List\fR &list)"
.br
.RI "\fIlisting function: iterator creator This gives back a listing of all entries in <this> context.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBflush\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fISync content of context to disk.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBclose\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIClose the handle of the context Note: <close> does not call <flush>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "HKEY \fBkey\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet key.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "HKEY \fBparent\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet parent.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBname\fR (\fBName\fR &name)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet name (Name version).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBname\fR (ACE_TString &name)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet name (String version).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_TString \fBname\fR (void)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBkey\fR (HKEY key)"
.br
.RI "\fISet key.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBparent\fR (HKEY parent)"
.br
.RI "\fISet parent.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBname\fR (const \fBName\fR &name)"
.br
.RI "\fISet name (Name version).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBname\fR (const ACE_TString &name)"
.br
.RI "\fISet name (String version).\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNaming_Context\fR (const Naming_Context &rhs)"
.br
.RI "\fIDisallow copy constructors.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const Naming_Context& \fBoperator=\fR (const Naming_Context &rhs)"
.br
.RI "\fIDisallow assignment.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "HKEY \fBkey_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIKey for self.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "HKEY \fBparent_key_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIKey for parent.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_TString \fBname_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIName of self.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_Predefined_Naming_Contexts\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
An context representation.
.PP
.PP
 Think about a context as being similar to a directory in a file system. 
.PP
.SH MEMBER ENUMERATION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS anonymous enum
.PP
\fBEnumeration values:\fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIMAX_OBJECT_NAME_SIZE\fR \fRMax sizes of names (Not too sure about this value).
.TP
\fB\fIMAX_CONTEXT_NAME_SIZE\fR \fRMax size of context name.
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::Naming_Context (void)
.PP
Empty constructor: keys will be NULL.
.PP
.SS ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::Naming_Context (const HKEY & key)
.PP
Constructor: key_ will be set to <key>.
.PP
.SS ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::~Naming_Context (void)
.PP
Destructor will call <\fBNaming_Context::close\fR>.
.PP
.SS ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::Naming_Context (const Naming_Context & rhs)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Disallow copy constructors.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::bind (const ACE_TString & name, const \fBObject\fR & object)
.PP
Insert or update <object> with <name> into <this> context This will not fail if <name> already exists (String version) 
.SS int ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::bind (const \fBName\fR & name, const \fBObject\fR & object)
.PP
Insert or update <object> with <name> into <this> context This will not fail if <name> already exists (Name version) 
.SS int ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::bind_context (const ACE_TString & name, Naming_Context & naming_context, u_long persistence = REG_OPTION_NON_VOLATILE, u_long security_access = KEY_ALL_ACCESS, LPSECURITY_ATTRIBUTES security_attributes = 0)
.PP
Insert or update <naming_context> with <name> relative to <this> context This will not fail if <name> already exists.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::bind_context (const \fBName\fR & name, Naming_Context & naming_context, u_long persistence = REG_OPTION_NON_VOLATILE, u_long security_access = KEY_ALL_ACCESS, LPSECURITY_ATTRIBUTES security_attributes = 0)
.PP
Insert or update <naming_context> with <name> relative to <this> context This will not fail if <name> already exists (Name version) 
.SS int ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::bind_new (const ACE_TString & name, const \fBObject\fR & object)
.PP
Insert <object> with <name> into <this> context This will fail if <name> already exists (String version) 
.SS int ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::bind_new (const \fBName\fR & name, const \fBObject\fR & object)
.PP
Insert <object> with <name> into <this> context This will fail if <name> already exists (Name version) 
.SS int ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::bind_new_context (const ACE_TString & name, Naming_Context & naming_context, u_long persistence = REG_OPTION_NON_VOLATILE, u_long security_access = KEY_ALL_ACCESS, LPSECURITY_ATTRIBUTES security_attributes = 0)
.PP
Insert <naming_context> with <name> relative to <this> context This will fail if <name> already exists.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::bind_new_context (const \fBName\fR & name, Naming_Context & naming_context, u_long persistence = REG_OPTION_NON_VOLATILE, u_long security_access = KEY_ALL_ACCESS, LPSECURITY_ATTRIBUTES security_attributes = 0)
.PP
Insert <naming_context> with <name> relative to <this> context This will fail if <name> already exists (Name version) 
.SS int ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::close (void)
.PP
Close the handle of the context Note: <close> does not call <flush>.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::destroy (void)
.PP
Same as <unbind_context> with <this> as naming_context.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::flush (void)
.PP
Sync content of context to disk.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::key (HKEY key)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Set key.
.PP
.SS HKEY ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::key (void)
.PP
Get key.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::list (\fBBinding_List\fR & list)
.PP
listing function: iterator creator This gives back a listing of all entries in <this> context.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::list (u_long how_many, \fBBinding_List\fR & list, \fBBinding_Iterator\fR & iterator)
.PP
listing function: iterator creator This is useful when there are many objects and contexts in <this> context and you only want to look at a few entries at a time 
.SS void ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::name (const ACE_TString & name)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Set name (String version).
.PP
.SS void ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::name (const \fBName\fR & name)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Set name (Name version).
.PP
.SS ACE_TString ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::name (void)
.PP
.SS void ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::name (ACE_TString & name)
.PP
Get name (String version).
.PP
.SS void ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::name (\fBName\fR & name)
.PP
Get name (Name version).
.PP
.SS int ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::new_context (Naming_Context & naming_context)
.PP
Create new <naming_context>.
.PP
.SS const Naming_Context & ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::operator= (const Naming_Context & rhs)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Disallow assignment.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::parent (HKEY parent)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Set parent.
.PP
.SS HKEY ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::parent (void)
.PP
Get parent.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::rebind (const ACE_TString & name, const \fBObject\fR & object)
.PP
Update <object> with <name> in <this> context.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::rebind (const \fBName\fR & name, const \fBObject\fR & object)
.PP
Update <object> with <name> in <this> context (Name version).
.PP
.SS int ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::rebind_context (const ACE_TString & name, Naming_Context & naming_context)
.PP
Rename <naming_context> to <name>.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::rebind_context (const \fBName\fR & name, Naming_Context & naming_context)
.PP
Rename <naming_context> to <name> (Name version).
.PP
.SS int ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::resolve (const ACE_TString & name, \fBObject\fR & object)
.PP
Find <object> with <name> in <this> context.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::resolve (const \fBName\fR & name, \fBObject\fR & object)
.PP
Find <object> with <name> in <this> context (Name version).
.PP
.SS int ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::resolve_context (const ACE_TString & name, Naming_Context & naming_context, u_long security_access = KEY_ALL_ACCESS)
.PP
Find <naming_context> with <name> in <this> context.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::resolve_context (const \fBName\fR & name, Naming_Context & naming_context, u_long security_access = KEY_ALL_ACCESS)
.PP
Find <naming_context> with <name> in <this> context (Name version).
.PP
.SS int ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::unbind (const ACE_TString & name)
.PP
Delete object with <name> in <this> context.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::unbind (const \fBName\fR & name)
.PP
Delete object with <name> in <this> context (Name version).
.PP
.SS int ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::unbind_context (const ACE_TString & name)
.PP
Remove naming_context with <name> from <this> context.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::unbind_context (const \fBName\fR & name)
.PP
Remove naming_context with <name> from <this> context (Name version).
.PP
.SH FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS class ACE_Predefined_Naming_Contexts\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
Friend factory.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS HKEY ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::key_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Key for self.
.PP
.SS ACE_TString ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::name_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Name of self.
.PP
.SS HKEY ACE_Registry::Naming_Context::parent_key_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Key for parent.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.