.TH ACE_Registry::Object 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Registry::Object \- An object representation. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Registry.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBObject\fR (void *data = 0, u_long size = 0, u_long type = REG_NONE)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdata\fR (void *data)"
.br
.RI "\fISet/Get data.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void* \fBdata\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsize\fR (u_long size)"
.br
.RI "\fISet/Get size.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBsize\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBtype\fR (u_long type)"
.br
.RI "\fISet/Get type.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBtype\fR (void) const"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void* \fBdata_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to data.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBsize_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fISize of the data.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBtype_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIType of data.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
An object representation.
.PP
.PP
 In CORBA, all objects inherit from (CORBA::Object). For the registry, this is used as a wrapper for an instance of a built-in data type. Think about an object as being similar to a file in a file system. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Registry::Object::Object (void * data = 0, u_long size = 0, u_long type = REG_NONE)
.PP
Default constructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void* ACE_Registry::Object::data (void) const
.PP
.SS void ACE_Registry::Object::data (void * data)
.PP
Set/Get data.
.PP
.SS u_long ACE_Registry::Object::size (void) const
.PP
.SS void ACE_Registry::Object::size (u_long size)
.PP
Set/Get size.
.PP
.SS u_long ACE_Registry::Object::type (void) const
.PP
.SS void ACE_Registry::Object::type (u_long type)
.PP
Set/Get type.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void * ACE_Registry::Object::data_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Pointer to data.
.PP
.SS u_long ACE_Registry::Object::size_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Size of the data.
.PP
.SS u_long ACE_Registry::Object::type_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Type of data.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.