.TH ACE_LSOCK_Acceptor 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_LSOCK_Acceptor \- Defines the format and interface for the acceptor side of the local \fBACE_SOCK\fR \fBACE_Stream\fR. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <LSOCK_Acceptor.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_SOCK_Acceptor\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBACE_UNIX_Addr\fR \fBPEER_ADDR\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBACE_LSOCK_Stream\fR \fBPEER_STREAM\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_LSOCK_Acceptor\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_LSOCK_Acceptor\fR (const \fBACE_Addr\fR &local_sap, int reuse_addr = 0, int protocol_family = PF_UNIX, int backlog = ACE_DEFAULT_BACKLOG, int protocol = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitiate a passive mode socket.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopen\fR (const \fBACE_Addr\fR &local_sap, int reuse_addr = 0, int protocol_family = PF_UNIX, int backlog = ACE_DEFAULT_BACKLOG, int protocol = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitiate a passive mode socket.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBaccept\fR (\fBACE_LSOCK_Stream\fR &new_ipc_sap, \fBACE_Addr\fR * = 0, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0, int restart = 1, int reset_new_handle = 0) const"
.br
.RI "\fIAccept a new data transfer connection.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBremove\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIClose down the \fBACE_LSOCK\fR and remove the rendezvous point from the file system.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBget_local_addr\fR (\fBACE_Addr\fR &) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the local endpoint address.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_UNIX_Addr\fR \fBlocal_addr_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIAddress of our rendezvous point.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Defines the format and interface for the acceptor side of the local \fBACE_SOCK\fR \fBACE_Stream\fR.
.PP
.SH MEMBER TYPEDEF DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS typedef \fBACE_UNIX_Addr\fR ACE_LSOCK_Acceptor::PEER_ADDR
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_SOCK_Acceptor\fR.
.SS typedef \fBACE_LSOCK_Stream\fR ACE_LSOCK_Acceptor::PEER_STREAM
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_SOCK_Acceptor\fR.
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_LSOCK_Acceptor::ACE_LSOCK_Acceptor (void)
.PP
Default constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_LSOCK_Acceptor::ACE_LSOCK_Acceptor (const \fBACE_Addr\fR & local_sap, int reuse_addr = 0, int protocol_family = PF_UNIX, int backlog = ACE_DEFAULT_BACKLOG, int protocol = 0)
.PP
Initiate a passive mode socket.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_LSOCK_Acceptor::accept (\fBACE_LSOCK_Stream\fR & new_ipc_sap, \fBACE_Addr\fR * = 0, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0, int restart = 1, int reset_new_handle = 0) const
.PP
Accept a new data transfer connection.
.PP
.SS void ACE_LSOCK_Acceptor::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_SOCK_Acceptor\fR.
.SS int ACE_LSOCK_Acceptor::get_local_addr (\fBACE_Addr\fR &) const
.PP
Return the local endpoint address.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_SOCK\fR.
.SS int ACE_LSOCK_Acceptor::open (const \fBACE_Addr\fR & local_sap, int reuse_addr = 0, int protocol_family = PF_UNIX, int backlog = ACE_DEFAULT_BACKLOG, int protocol = 0)
.PP
Initiate a passive mode socket.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_SOCK_Acceptor\fR.
.SS int ACE_LSOCK_Acceptor::remove (void)
.PP
Close down the \fBACE_LSOCK\fR and remove the rendezvous point from the file system.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_LSOCK_Acceptor::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_SOCK_Acceptor\fR.
.SS \fBACE_UNIX_Addr\fR ACE_LSOCK_Acceptor::local_addr_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Address of our rendezvous point.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.