.TH ACE_Typed_SV_Message_Queue 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Typed_SV_Message_Queue \- Defines the header file for the C++ wrapper facade for typed message queues. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Typed_SV_Message_Queue.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum { \fBACE_CREATE\fR = IPC_CREAT, \fBACE_OPEN\fR = 0, \fBACE_NOWAIT\fR = IPC_NOWAIT }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Typed_SV_Message_Queue\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Typed_SV_Message_Queue\fR (key_t external_id, int create = ACE_OPEN, int perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopen\fR (key_t external_id, int create = ACE_OPEN, int perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBclose\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBremove\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Typed_SV_Message_Queue\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsend\fR (const \fBACE_Typed_SV_Message\fR<T> &mb, int mflags = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrecv\fR (\fBACE_Typed_SV_Message\fR<T> &mb, int mflags = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBget_id\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the id of the underlying .\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcontrol\fR (int option, void *arg = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIControl the underlying message queue.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_SV_Message_Queue\fR \fBmessage_queue_\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class T>  template class ACE_Typed_SV_Message_Queue
Defines the header file for the C++ wrapper facade for typed message queues.
.PP
.SH MEMBER ENUMERATION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT> anonymous enum
.PP
\fBEnumeration values:\fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIACE_CREATE\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fIACE_OPEN\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fIACE_NOWAIT\fR \fR
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT> ACE_Typed_SV_Message_Queue<T>::ACE_Typed_SV_Message_Queue<T> (void)
.PP
.SS template<classT> ACE_Typed_SV_Message_Queue<T>::ACE_Typed_SV_Message_Queue<T> (key_t external_id, int create = ACE_OPEN, int perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS)
.PP
.SS template<classT> ACE_Typed_SV_Message_Queue<T>::~ACE_Typed_SV_Message_Queue<T> (void)
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT> int ACE_Typed_SV_Message_Queue<T>::close (void)
.PP
.SS template<classT> int ACE_Typed_SV_Message_Queue<T>::control (int option, void * arg = 0)
.PP
Control the underlying message queue.
.PP
.SS template<classT> void ACE_Typed_SV_Message_Queue<T>::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS template<classT> int ACE_Typed_SV_Message_Queue<T>::get_id (void) const
.PP
Return the id of the underlying .
.PP
.SS template<classT> int ACE_Typed_SV_Message_Queue<T>::open (key_t external_id, int create = ACE_OPEN, int perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS)
.PP
.SS template<classT> int ACE_Typed_SV_Message_Queue<T>::recv (\fBACE_Typed_SV_Message\fR< T >& mb, int mflags = 0)
.PP
.SS template<classT> int ACE_Typed_SV_Message_Queue<T>::remove (void)
.PP
.SS template<classT> int ACE_Typed_SV_Message_Queue<T>::send (const \fBACE_Typed_SV_Message\fR< T >& mb, int mflags = 0)
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT> ACE_Typed_SV_Message_Queue<T>::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
.SS template<classT> \fBACE_SV_Message_Queue\fR ACE_Typed_SV_Message_Queue<T>::message_queue_\fC [private]\fR
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.