.TH ACE_Timer_Hash_Upcall 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Timer_Hash_Upcall \- Functor for Timer_Hash. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Timer_Hash_T.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBACE_Timer_Queue_T\fR<\fBACE_Event_Handler\fR *, ACE_Timer_Hash_Upcall<TYPE, FUNCTOR, ACE_LOCK>, \fBACE_Null_Mutex\fR> \fBTIMER_QUEUE\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Timer_Hash_Upcall\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor (creates an invalid object, but needs to be here so timer queues using this functor can be constructed).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Timer_Hash_Upcall\fR (\fBACE_Timer_Queue_T\fR<TYPE, FUNCTOR, ACE_LOCK> *timer_hash)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor that specifies a Timer_Hash to call up to.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtimeout\fR (\fBTIMER_QUEUE\fR &timer_queue, \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR *handler, const void *arg, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR &cur_time)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis method is called when the timer expires.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcancellation\fR (\fBTIMER_QUEUE\fR &timer_queue, \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR *handler)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis method is called when the timer is canceled.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdeletion\fR (\fBTIMER_QUEUE\fR &timer_queue, \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR *handler, const void *arg)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis method is called when the timer queue is destroyed and the timer is still contained in it.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Timer_Hash_Upcall\fR (const ACE_Timer_Hash_Upcall<TYPE, FUNCTOR, ACE_LOCK> &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator=\fR (const ACE_Timer_Hash_Upcall<TYPE, FUNCTOR, ACE_LOCK> &)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Timer_Queue_T\fR<TYPE, FUNCTOR, ACE_LOCK>* \fBtimer_hash_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fITimer Queue to do the calling up to.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class TYPE, class FUNCTOR, class ACE_LOCK>  template class ACE_Timer_Hash_Upcall
Functor for Timer_Hash.
.PP
.PP
 This class calls up to the Timer Hash's functor from the timer queues in the hash table 
.PP
.SH MEMBER TYPEDEF DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classTYPE, classFUNCTOR, classACE_LOCK> typedef \fBACE_Timer_Queue_T\fR<\fBACE_Event_Handler\fR *, ACE_Timer_Hash_Upcall<TYPE, FUNCTOR, ACE_LOCK>, \fBACE_Null_Mutex\fR> ACE_Timer_Hash_Upcall<TYPE, FUNCTOR, ACE_LOCK>::TIMER_QUEUE
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classTYPE, classFUNCTOR, classACE_LOCK> ACE_Timer_Hash_Upcall<TYPE, FUNCTOR, ACE_LOCK>::ACE_Timer_Hash_Upcall<TYPE, FUNCTOR, ACE_LOCK> (void)
.PP
Default constructor (creates an invalid object, but needs to be here so timer queues using this functor can be constructed).
.PP
.SS template<classTYPE, classFUNCTOR, classACE_LOCK> ACE_Timer_Hash_Upcall<TYPE, FUNCTOR, ACE_LOCK>::ACE_Timer_Hash_Upcall<TYPE, FUNCTOR, ACE_LOCK> (\fBACE_Timer_Queue_T\fR< TYPE,FUNCTOR,ACE_LOCK >* timer_hash)
.PP
Constructor that specifies a Timer_Hash to call up to.
.PP
.SS template<classTYPE, classFUNCTOR, classACE_LOCK> ACE_Timer_Hash_Upcall<TYPE, FUNCTOR, ACE_LOCK>::ACE_Timer_Hash_Upcall<TYPE, FUNCTOR, ACE_LOCK> (const ACE_Timer_Hash_Upcall< TYPE,FUNCTOR,ACE_LOCK >&)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classTYPE, classFUNCTOR, classACE_LOCK> int ACE_Timer_Hash_Upcall<TYPE, FUNCTOR, ACE_LOCK>::cancellation (\fBTIMER_QUEUE\fR & timer_queue, \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR * handler)
.PP
This method is called when the timer is canceled.
.PP
.SS template<classTYPE, classFUNCTOR, classACE_LOCK> int ACE_Timer_Hash_Upcall<TYPE, FUNCTOR, ACE_LOCK>::deletion (\fBTIMER_QUEUE\fR & timer_queue, \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR * handler, const void * arg)
.PP
This method is called when the timer queue is destroyed and the timer is still contained in it.
.PP
.SS template<classTYPE, classFUNCTOR, classACE_LOCK> void ACE_Timer_Hash_Upcall<TYPE, FUNCTOR, ACE_LOCK>::operator= (const ACE_Timer_Hash_Upcall< TYPE,FUNCTOR,ACE_LOCK >&)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SS template<classTYPE, classFUNCTOR, classACE_LOCK> int ACE_Timer_Hash_Upcall<TYPE, FUNCTOR, ACE_LOCK>::timeout (\fBTIMER_QUEUE\fR & timer_queue, \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR * handler, const void * arg, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR & cur_time)
.PP
This method is called when the timer expires.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classTYPE, classFUNCTOR, classACE_LOCK> \fBACE_Timer_Queue_T\fR< TYPE,FUNCTOR,ACE_LOCK >* ACE_Timer_Hash_Upcall<TYPE, FUNCTOR, ACE_LOCK>::timer_hash_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Timer Queue to do the calling up to.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.