.TH ACE_Svc_Conf_Lexer_Guard 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Svc_Conf_Lexer_Guard \- "Guard" that ensures lexer buffer stack manipulation is exception-safe. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Svc_Conf_Lexer_Guard.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Svc_Conf_Lexer_Guard\fR (FILE *file)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Svc_Conf_Lexer_Guard\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *directive)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Svc_Conf_Lexer_Guard\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
"Guard" that ensures lexer buffer stack manipulation is exception-safe.
.PP
.PP
 Buffers are allocated and deallocated when scanning a file or a string. This class utilizes the "guard" idiom to perform stack pushing and popping before and after parsing/scanning. 
.PP
 The underlying stack allows nested scans to occur. For example, while scanning a `svc.conf' file, a Service Object's init() method could invoke a Service Configurator directive, which would require "moving" the current lexer state out of the way (pushing it onto the stack implementation). 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Svc_Conf_Lexer_Guard::ACE_Svc_Conf_Lexer_Guard (FILE * file)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
Create a new buffer to be used when scanning a new Service Configurator file, push it onto the underlying buffer stack, and make it the current buffer. 
.SS ACE_Svc_Conf_Lexer_Guard::ACE_Svc_Conf_Lexer_Guard (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * directive)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
Create a new buffer to be used when scanning a new Service Configurator directive, push it onto the underlying buffer stack, and make it the current buffer. 
.SS ACE_Svc_Conf_Lexer_Guard::~ACE_Svc_Conf_Lexer_Guard (void)
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
Pop the current buffer off of the underlying buffer stack, and make the previous buffer (i.e. the one on the top of the stack), the current buffer. 

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.