.TH ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base \- Implements a common base class for iterators for a Red-Black Tree ADT. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <RB_Tree.h>\fR
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_RB_Tree_Iterator\fR, and \fBACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator=\fR (const ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK> &iter)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssignment operator: copies both the tree reference and the position in the tree.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdone\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns 1 when the iteration has completed, otherwise 0.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_RB_Tree_Node\fR<EXT_ID, INT_ID>& \fBoperator *\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fISTL-like iterator dereference operator: returns a reference to the node underneath the iterator.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBACE_RB_Tree\fR<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>& \fBtree\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns a const reference to the tree over which we're iterating.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator==\fR (const ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK> &) const"
.br
.RI "\fIComparison operator: returns 1 if both iterators point to the same position, otherwise 0.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator!=\fR (const ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK> &) const"
.br
.RI "\fIComparison operator: returns 1 if the iterators point to different positions, otherwise 0.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate the singular iterator. No valid iterator can be equal to it, it is illegal to dereference a singular iterator, etc. etc.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base\fR (const \fBACE_RB_Tree\fR<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK> &tree, int set_first)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base\fR (const ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK> &iter)"
.br
.RI "\fICopy constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBforward_i\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIMove forward by one element in the tree. Returns 0 when there are no more elements in the tree, otherwise 1.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBreverse_i\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIMove back by one element in the tree. Returns 0 when there are no more elements in the tree, otherwise 1.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump_i\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBACE_RB_Tree\fR<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>* \fBtree_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIReference to the \fBACE_RB_Tree\fR over which we're iterating.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_RB_Tree_Node\fR<EXT_ID, INT_ID>* \fBnode_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to the node currently under the iterator.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class EXT_ID, class INT_ID, class COMPARE_KEYS, class ACE_LOCK>  template class ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base
Implements a common base class for iterators for a Red-Black Tree ADT.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK> (void)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Create the singular iterator. No valid iterator can be equal to it, it is illegal to dereference a singular iterator, etc. etc.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK> (const \fBACE_RB_Tree\fR< EXT_ID,INT_ID,COMPARE_KEYS,ACE_LOCK >& tree, int set_first)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Constructor. Takes an \fBACE_RB_Tree\fR over which to iterate, and an integer indicating (if non-zero) to position the iterator at the first element in the tree (if this integer is 0, the iterator is positioned at the last element in the tree). 
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK> (const ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base< EXT_ID,INT_ID,COMPARE_KEYS,ACE_LOCK >& iter)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Copy constructor.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::~ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK> (void)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> int ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::done (void) const
.PP
Returns 1 when the iteration has completed, otherwise 0.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> void ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::dump_i (void) const\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> int ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::forward_i (void)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Move forward by one element in the tree. Returns 0 when there are no more elements in the tree, otherwise 1.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> \fBACE_RB_Tree_Node\fR< EXT_ID,INT_ID >& ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::operator * (void) const
.PP
STL-like iterator dereference operator: returns a reference to the node underneath the iterator.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> int ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::operator!= (const ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base< EXT_ID,INT_ID,COMPARE_KEYS,ACE_LOCK >&) const
.PP
Comparison operator: returns 1 if the iterators point to different positions, otherwise 0.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> void ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::operator= (const ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base< EXT_ID,INT_ID,COMPARE_KEYS,ACE_LOCK >& iter)
.PP
Assignment operator: copies both the tree reference and the position in the tree.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> int ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::operator== (const ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base< EXT_ID,INT_ID,COMPARE_KEYS,ACE_LOCK >&) const
.PP
Comparison operator: returns 1 if both iterators point to the same position, otherwise 0.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> int ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::reverse_i (void)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Move back by one element in the tree. Returns 0 when there are no more elements in the tree, otherwise 1.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> const \fBACE_RB_Tree\fR< EXT_ID,INT_ID,COMPARE_KEYS,ACE_LOCK >& ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::tree (void)
.PP
Returns a const reference to the tree over which we're iterating.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_RB_Tree_Iterator\fR, and \fBACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator\fR.
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> \fBACE_RB_Tree_Node\fR< EXT_ID,INT_ID >* ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::node_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Pointer to the node currently under the iterator.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> const \fBACE_RB_Tree\fR< EXT_ID,INT_ID,COMPARE_KEYS,ACE_LOCK >* ACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::tree_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Reference to the \fBACE_RB_Tree\fR over which we're iterating.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.