.TH ACE_Scheduling_Strategy 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Scheduling_Strategy \- Defines the interface for specifying how to suspend and resume a service . 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Strategies_T.h>\fR
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_Schedule_All_Reactive_Strategy\fR, and \fBACE_Schedule_All_Threaded_Strategy\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Scheduling_Strategy\fR (SVC_HANDLER * = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Scheduling_Strategy\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBsuspend\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fISuspend hook.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBresume\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIResume hook.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of the object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class SVC_HANDLER>  template class ACE_Scheduling_Strategy
Defines the interface for specifying how to suspend and resume a service .
.PP
.PP
 This class provides a strategy that allows arbitrarily sophisticated service suspension and resumption. The default behavior is to do nothing... 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> ACE_Scheduling_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::ACE_Scheduling_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER> (SVC_HANDLER * = 0)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> ACE_Scheduling_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::~ACE_Scheduling_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER> (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> void ACE_Scheduling_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::dump (void) const\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Dump the state of the object.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Schedule_All_Reactive_Strategy\fR, and \fBACE_Schedule_All_Threaded_Strategy\fR.
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> int ACE_Scheduling_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::resume (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Resume hook.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Schedule_All_Reactive_Strategy\fR, and \fBACE_Schedule_All_Threaded_Strategy\fR.
.SS template<classSVC_HANDLER> int ACE_Scheduling_Strategy<SVC_HANDLER>::suspend (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Suspend hook.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Schedule_All_Reactive_Strategy\fR, and \fBACE_Schedule_All_Threaded_Strategy\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.