.TH ACE_Lock_Adapter 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Lock_Adapter \- This is an adapter that allows applications to transparently combine the  abstract base class (which contains pure virtual methods) with any of the other concrete \fBACE\fR synchronization classes (e.g., , , , etc.). 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Synch_T.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Lock\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef ACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM \fBACE_LOCK\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Lock_Adapter\fR (ACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM &lock)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. All locking requests will be forwarded to <lock>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Lock_Adapter\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. Since no lock is provided by the user, one will be created internally.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Lock_Adapter\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor. If <lock_> was not passed in by the user, it will be deleted.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBacquire\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIBlock the thread until the lock is acquired.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBtryacquire\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIConditionally acquire the lock (i.e., won't block).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBrelease\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIRelease the lock.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBacquire_read\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBacquire_write\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBtryacquire_read\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIConditionally acquire a read lock. If the locking mechanism doesn't support read locks then this just calls .\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBtryacquire_write\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIConditionally acquire a write lock. If the locking mechanism doesn't support read locks then this just calls .\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBtryacquire_write_upgrade\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBremove\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIExplicitly destroy the lock.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM* \fBlock_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe concrete locking mechanism that all the methods delegate to.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdelete_lock_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThis flag keep track of whether we are responsible for deleting the lock.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class ACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM>  template class ACE_Lock_Adapter
This is an adapter that allows applications to transparently combine the  abstract base class (which contains pure virtual methods) with any of the other concrete \fBACE\fR synchronization classes (e.g., , , , etc.).
.PP
.PP
 This class uses a form of the Adapter pattern. 
.PP
.SH MEMBER TYPEDEF DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM> typedef ACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM ACE_Lock_Adapter<ACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM>::ACE_LOCK
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM> ACE_Lock_Adapter<ACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM>::ACE_Lock_Adapter<ACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM> (ACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM & lock)
.PP
Constructor. All locking requests will be forwarded to <lock>.
.PP
.SS template<classACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM> ACE_Lock_Adapter<ACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM>::ACE_Lock_Adapter<ACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM> (void)
.PP
Constructor. Since no lock is provided by the user, one will be created internally.
.PP
.SS template<classACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM> ACE_Lock_Adapter<ACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM>::~ACE_Lock_Adapter<ACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM> (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Destructor. If <lock_> was not passed in by the user, it will be deleted.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM> int ACE_Lock_Adapter<ACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM>::acquire (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Block the thread until the lock is acquired.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Lock\fR.
.SS template<classACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM> int ACE_Lock_Adapter<ACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM>::acquire_read (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Block until the thread acquires a read lock. If the locking mechanism doesn't support read locks then this just calls . 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Lock\fR.
.SS template<classACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM> int ACE_Lock_Adapter<ACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM>::acquire_write (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Block until the thread acquires a write lock. If the locking mechanism doesn't support read locks then this just calls . 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Lock\fR.
.SS template<classACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM> int ACE_Lock_Adapter<ACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM>::release (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Release the lock.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Lock\fR.
.SS template<classACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM> int ACE_Lock_Adapter<ACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM>::remove (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Explicitly destroy the lock.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Lock\fR.
.SS template<classACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM> int ACE_Lock_Adapter<ACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM>::tryacquire (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Conditionally acquire the lock (i.e., won't block).
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Lock\fR.
.SS template<classACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM> int ACE_Lock_Adapter<ACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM>::tryacquire_read (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Conditionally acquire a read lock. If the locking mechanism doesn't support read locks then this just calls .
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Lock\fR.
.SS template<classACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM> int ACE_Lock_Adapter<ACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM>::tryacquire_write (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Conditionally acquire a write lock. If the locking mechanism doesn't support read locks then this just calls .
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Lock\fR.
.SS template<classACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM> int ACE_Lock_Adapter<ACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM>::tryacquire_write_upgrade (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Conditionally try to upgrade a lock held for read to a write lock. If the locking mechanism doesn't support read locks then this just calls . Returns 0 on success, -1 on failure. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Lock\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM> int ACE_Lock_Adapter<ACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM>::delete_lock_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
This flag keep track of whether we are responsible for deleting the lock.
.PP
.SS template<classACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM> ACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM * ACE_Lock_Adapter<ACE_LOCKING_MECHANISM>::lock_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
The concrete locking mechanism that all the methods delegate to.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.