.TH ACE_Cached_Mem_Pool_Node 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Cached_Mem_Pool_Node \-  keeps unused memory within a free list. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Malloc_T.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "T* \fBaddr\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIreturn the address of free memory.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Cached_Mem_Pool_Node<T>* \fBget_next\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIget the next ACE_Cached_Mem_Pool_Node in a list.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_next\fR (ACE_Cached_Mem_Pool_Node<T> *ptr)"
.br
.RI "\fIset the next ACE_Cached_Mem_Pool_Node.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Cached_Mem_Pool_Node<T>* \fBnext_\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class T>  template class ACE_Cached_Mem_Pool_Node
 keeps unused memory within a free list.
.PP
.PP
 The length of a piece of unused memory must be greater than sizeof (void*). This makes sense because we'll waste even more memory if we keep them in a separate data structure. This class should really be placed within the next class . But this can't be done due to C++ compiler portability problems. 
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT> T * ACE_Cached_Mem_Pool_Node<T>::addr (void)
.PP
return the address of free memory.
.PP
.SS template<classT> ACE_Cached_Mem_Pool_Node< T >* ACE_Cached_Mem_Pool_Node<T>::get_next (void)
.PP
get the next ACE_Cached_Mem_Pool_Node in a list.
.PP
.SS template<classT> void ACE_Cached_Mem_Pool_Node<T>::set_next (ACE_Cached_Mem_Pool_Node< T >* ptr)
.PP
set the next ACE_Cached_Mem_Pool_Node.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT> ACE_Cached_Mem_Pool_Node< T >* ACE_Cached_Mem_Pool_Node<T>::next_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Since memory is not used when placed in a free list, we can use it to maintain the structure of free list. I was using union to hide the fact of overlapping memory usage. However, that cause problem on MSVC. So, I now turn back to hack this with casting. 

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.