.TH ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Timer 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Timer \- This class is posted to the completion port when a timer expires. When the complete method of this object is called, the <handler>'s handle_timeout method will be called. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <WIN32_Proactor.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Result\fR.
.PP
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Timer\fR (\fBACE_Handler\fR &handler, const void *act, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR &tv, ACE_HANDLE event = ACE_INVALID_HANDLE, int priority = 0, int signal_number = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBcomplete\fR (u_long bytes_transferred, int success, const void *completion_key, u_long error = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis method calls the <handler>'s handle_timeout method.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Time_Value\fR \fBtime_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fITime value requested by caller.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_WIN32_Proactor\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This class is posted to the completion port when a timer expires. When the complete method of this object is called, the <handler>'s handle_timeout method will be called.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Timer::ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Timer (\fBACE_Handler\fR & handler, const void * act, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR & tv, ACE_HANDLE event = ACE_INVALID_HANDLE, int priority = 0, int signal_number = 0)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Timer::complete (u_long bytes_transferred, int success, const void * completion_key, u_long error = 0)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
This method calls the <handler>'s handle_timeout method.
.PP
.SH FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS class ACE_WIN32_Proactor\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
The factory method for this class is with the POSIX_Proactor class.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Result\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_Time_Value\fR ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Timer::time_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Time value requested by caller.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.