.TH ACE_TSS_Keys 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_TSS_Keys \- Collection of in-use flags for a thread's TSS keys. For internal use only by ACE_TSS_Cleanup; it is public because some compilers can't use nested classes for template instantiation parameters. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <OS.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_TSS_Keys\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor, to initialize all bits to zero (unused).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtest_and_set\fR (const \fBACE_thread_key_t\fR key)"
.br
.RI "\fIMark the specified key as being in use, if it was not already so marked. Returns 1 if the had already been marked, 0 if not.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtest_and_clear\fR (const \fBACE_thread_key_t\fR key)"
.br
.RI "\fIMark the specified key as not being in use, if it was not already so cleared. Returns 1 if the had already been cleared, 0 if not.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum { \fBACE_WORDS\fR = (ACE_DEFAULT_THREAD_KEYS - 1) / ACE_BITS_PER_WORD + 1 }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBkey_bit_words_\fR [ACE_WORDS]"
.br
.RI "\fIBit flag collection. A bit value of 1 indicates that the key is in use by this thread.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBfind\fR (const u_int key, u_int &word, u_int &bit)"
.br
.RI "\fIFor a given key, find the word and bit number that represent it.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Collection of in-use flags for a thread's TSS keys. For internal use only by ACE_TSS_Cleanup; it is public because some compilers can't use nested classes for template instantiation parameters.
.PP
.PP
 Wrapper around array of whether each key is in use. A simple typedef doesn't work with Sun C++ 4.2. 
.PP
.SH MEMBER ENUMERATION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS anonymous enum\fC [private]\fR
.PP
\fBEnumeration values:\fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIACE_WORDS\fR \fR
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_TSS_Keys::ACE_TSS_Keys (void)
.PP
Default constructor, to initialize all bits to zero (unused).
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_TSS_Keys::find (const u_int key, u_int & word, u_int & bit)\fC [static, private]\fR
.PP
For a given key, find the word and bit number that represent it.
.PP
.SS int ACE_TSS_Keys::test_and_clear (const \fBACE_thread_key_t\fR key)
.PP
Mark the specified key as not being in use, if it was not already so cleared. Returns 1 if the had already been cleared, 0 if not.
.PP
.SS int ACE_TSS_Keys::test_and_set (const \fBACE_thread_key_t\fR key)
.PP
Mark the specified key as being in use, if it was not already so marked. Returns 1 if the had already been marked, 0 if not.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS u_long ACE_TSS_Keys::key_bit_words_[ACE_WORDS]\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Bit flag collection. A bit value of 1 indicates that the key is in use by this thread.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.