.TH ACE_Hash_Map_Entry 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Hash_Map_Entry \- Define an entry in the hash table. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Hash_Map_Manager_T.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Hash_Map_Entry\fR (const EXT_ID &ext_id, const INT_ID &int_id, ACE_Hash_Map_Entry<EXT_ID, INT_ID> *next = 0, ACE_Hash_Map_Entry<EXT_ID, INT_ID> *prev = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Hash_Map_Entry\fR (ACE_Hash_Map_Entry<EXT_ID, INT_ID> *next, ACE_Hash_Map_Entry<EXT_ID, INT_ID> *prev)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Hash_Map_Entry\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "EXT_ID \fBext_id_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIKey used to look up an entry.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "INT_ID \fBint_id_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe contents of the entry itself.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Hash_Map_Entry<EXT_ID, INT_ID>* \fBnext_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to the next item in the bucket of overflow nodes.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Hash_Map_Entry<EXT_ID, INT_ID>* \fBprev_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to the prev item in the bucket of overflow nodes.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class EXT_ID, class INT_ID>  template class ACE_Hash_Map_Entry
Define an entry in the hash table.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID> ACE_Hash_Map_Entry<EXT_ID, INT_ID>::ACE_Hash_Map_Entry<EXT_ID, INT_ID> (const EXT_ID & ext_id, const INT_ID & int_id, ACE_Hash_Map_Entry< EXT_ID,INT_ID >* next = 0, ACE_Hash_Map_Entry< EXT_ID,INT_ID >* prev = 0)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID> ACE_Hash_Map_Entry<EXT_ID, INT_ID>::ACE_Hash_Map_Entry<EXT_ID, INT_ID> (ACE_Hash_Map_Entry< EXT_ID,INT_ID >* next, ACE_Hash_Map_Entry< EXT_ID,INT_ID >* prev)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID> ACE_Hash_Map_Entry<EXT_ID, INT_ID>::~ACE_Hash_Map_Entry<EXT_ID, INT_ID> (void)
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID> void ACE_Hash_Map_Entry<EXT_ID, INT_ID>::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID> EXT_ID ACE_Hash_Map_Entry<EXT_ID, INT_ID>::ext_id_
.PP
Key used to look up an entry.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID> INT_ID ACE_Hash_Map_Entry<EXT_ID, INT_ID>::int_id_
.PP
The contents of the entry itself.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID> ACE_Hash_Map_Entry< EXT_ID,INT_ID >* ACE_Hash_Map_Entry<EXT_ID, INT_ID>::next_
.PP
Pointer to the next item in the bucket of overflow nodes.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID> ACE_Hash_Map_Entry< EXT_ID,INT_ID >* ACE_Hash_Map_Entry<EXT_ID, INT_ID>::prev_
.PP
Pointer to the prev item in the bucket of overflow nodes.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.