.TH ACE_Hashable 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Hashable \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Strategies.h>\fR
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_Refcounted_Hash_Recyclable\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Hashable\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual u_long \fBhash\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIComputes and returns hash value. This "caches" the hash value to improve performance.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Hashable\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIProtected constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual u_long \fBhash_i\fR (void) const = 0"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is the method that actually performs the non-cached hash computation.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBhash_value_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPre-computed hash-value.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Hashable::~ACE_Hashable (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Hashable::ACE_Hashable (void)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Protected constructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS u_long ACE_Hashable::hash (void) const\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Computes and returns hash value. This "caches" the hash value to improve performance.
.PP
.SS u_long ACE_Hashable::hash_i (void) const\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fR
.PP
This is the method that actually performs the non-cached hash computation.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Refcounted_Hash_Recyclable\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS u_long ACE_Hashable::hash_value_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Pre-computed hash-value.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.