.TH ACE_FIFO_Recv_Msg 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_FIFO_Recv_Msg \- Receiver side for the record oriented C++ wrapper for UNIX FIFOs. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <FIFO_Recv_Msg.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_FIFO_Recv\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_FIFO_Recv_Msg\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_FIFO_Recv_Msg\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *rendezvous, int flags = O_CREAT | O_RDONLY, int perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS, int persistent = 1, LPSECURITY_ATTRIBUTES sa = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpen up a record-oriented named pipe for reading.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopen\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *rendezvous, int flags = O_CREAT | O_RDONLY, int perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS, int persistent = 1, LPSECURITY_ATTRIBUTES sa = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpen up a record-oriented named pipe for reading.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBssize_t\fR \fBrecv\fR (\fBACE_Str_Buf\fR &msg)"
.br
.RI "\fIRecv <msg> as an \fBACE_Str_Buf\fR.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBssize_t\fR \fBrecv\fR (void *buf, size_t len)"
.br
.RI "\fIRecv <msg> as a buffer.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Receiver side for the record oriented C++ wrapper for UNIX FIFOs.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_FIFO_Recv_Msg::ACE_FIFO_Recv_Msg (void)
.PP
Default constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_FIFO_Recv_Msg::ACE_FIFO_Recv_Msg (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * rendezvous, int flags = O_CREAT | O_RDONLY, int perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS, int persistent = 1, LPSECURITY_ATTRIBUTES sa = 0)
.PP
Open up a record-oriented named pipe for reading.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_FIFO_Recv_Msg::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_FIFO_Recv\fR.
.SS int ACE_FIFO_Recv_Msg::open (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * rendezvous, int flags = O_CREAT | O_RDONLY, int perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS, int persistent = 1, LPSECURITY_ATTRIBUTES sa = 0)
.PP
Open up a record-oriented named pipe for reading.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_FIFO_Recv\fR.
.SS \fBssize_t\fR ACE_FIFO_Recv_Msg::recv (void * buf, size_t len)
.PP
Recv <msg> as a buffer.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_FIFO_Recv\fR.
.SS \fBssize_t\fR ACE_FIFO_Recv_Msg::recv (\fBACE_Str_Buf\fR & msg)
.PP
Recv <msg> as an \fBACE_Str_Buf\fR.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_FIFO_Recv_Msg::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_FIFO_Recv\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.