.TH ACE_NS_Internal 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_NS_Internal \- This class and \fBACE_NS_String\fR are used as Adapters to work with the Map_Manager. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Local_Name_Space.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_NS_Internal\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fINo-op constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_NS_Internal\fR (\fBACE_NS_String\fR &value, const char *type)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator==\fR (const ACE_NS_Internal &) const"
.br
.RI "\fICompare an ACE_NS_Internal.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_NS_String\fR \fBvalue\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn value.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const char* \fBtype\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn type.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_NS_String\fR \fBvalue_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIContains the value of the string.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const char* \fBtype_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIContains the type of the string.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This class and \fBACE_NS_String\fR are used as Adapters to work with the Map_Manager.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_NS_Internal::ACE_NS_Internal (void)
.PP
No-op constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_NS_Internal::ACE_NS_Internal (\fBACE_NS_String\fR & value, const char * type)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_NS_Internal::operator== (const ACE_NS_Internal &) const
.PP
Compare an ACE_NS_Internal.
.PP
.SS const char * ACE_NS_Internal::type (void)
.PP
Return type.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_NS_String\fR ACE_NS_Internal::value (void)
.PP
Return value.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS const char * ACE_NS_Internal::type_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Contains the type of the string.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_NS_String\fR ACE_NS_Internal::value_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Contains the value of the string.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.