.TH ACE_SV_Shared_Memory 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_SV_Shared_Memory \- This is a wrapper for System V shared memory. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <SV_Shared_Memory.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum { \fBACE_CREATE\fR = IPC_CREAT, \fBACE_OPEN\fR = 0 }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_SV_Shared_Memory\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_SV_Shared_Memory\fR (key_t external_id, size_t size, int create, int perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS, void *virtual_addr = 0, int flags = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_SV_Shared_Memory\fR (ACE_HANDLE internal_id, int flags = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopen\fR (key_t external_id, size_t size, int create = ACE_SV_Shared_Memory::ACE_OPEN, int perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopen_and_attach\fR (key_t external_id, size_t size, int create = ACE_SV_Shared_Memory::ACE_OPEN, int perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS, void *virtual_addr = 0, int flags = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBattach\fR (void *virtual_addr = 0, int flags =0)"
.br
.RI "\fIAttach this shared memory segment.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdetach\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDetach this shared memory segment.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBremove\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove this shared memory segment.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcontrol\fR (int cmd, void *buf)"
.br
.RI "\fIForward to underlying System V <shmctl>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void* \fBget_segment_ptr\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBget_segment_size\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBget_id\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the ID of the shared memory segment (i.e., an ACE_HANDLE).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum { \fBALIGN_WORDB\fR = 8 }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBround_up\fR (size_t len)"
.br
.RI "\fIRound up to an appropriate page size.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBinternal_id_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIInternal identifier.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsize_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fISize of the mapped segment.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void* \fBsegment_ptr_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to the beginning of the segment.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This is a wrapper for System V shared memory.
.PP
.SH MEMBER ENUMERATION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS anonymous enum
.PP
\fBEnumeration values:\fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIACE_CREATE\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fIACE_OPEN\fR \fR
.SS anonymous enum\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
\fBEnumeration values:\fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIALIGN_WORDB\fR \fRMost restrictive alignment.
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_SV_Shared_Memory::ACE_SV_Shared_Memory (void)
.PP
.SS ACE_SV_Shared_Memory::ACE_SV_Shared_Memory (key_t external_id, size_t size, int create, int perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS, void * virtual_addr = 0, int flags = 0)
.PP
.SS ACE_SV_Shared_Memory::ACE_SV_Shared_Memory (ACE_HANDLE internal_id, int flags = 0)
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_SV_Shared_Memory::attach (void * virtual_addr = 0, int flags = 0)
.PP
Attach this shared memory segment.
.PP
.SS int ACE_SV_Shared_Memory::control (int cmd, void * buf)
.PP
Forward to underlying System V <shmctl>.
.PP
.SS int ACE_SV_Shared_Memory::detach (void)
.PP
Detach this shared memory segment.
.PP
.SS void ACE_SV_Shared_Memory::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_SV_Shared_Memory::get_id (void) const
.PP
Return the ID of the shared memory segment (i.e., an ACE_HANDLE).
.PP
.SS void* ACE_SV_Shared_Memory::get_segment_ptr (void) const
.PP
.SS int ACE_SV_Shared_Memory::get_segment_size (void) const
.PP
.SS int ACE_SV_Shared_Memory::open (key_t external_id, size_t size, int create = ACE_SV_Shared_Memory::ACE_OPEN, int perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS)
.PP
.SS int ACE_SV_Shared_Memory::open_and_attach (key_t external_id, size_t size, int create = ACE_SV_Shared_Memory::ACE_OPEN, int perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS, void * virtual_addr = 0, int flags = 0)
.PP
.SS int ACE_SV_Shared_Memory::remove (void)
.PP
Remove this shared memory segment.
.PP
.SS int ACE_SV_Shared_Memory::round_up (size_t len)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Round up to an appropriate page size.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_SV_Shared_Memory::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_SV_Shared_Memory::internal_id_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Internal identifier.
.PP
.SS void * ACE_SV_Shared_Memory::segment_ptr_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Pointer to the beginning of the segment.
.PP
.SS int ACE_SV_Shared_Memory::size_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Size of the mapped segment.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.