.TH ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool_Options 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool_Options \- Helper class for Shared Memory Pool constructor options. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Memory_Pool.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Shared_Memory_Pool_Options\fR (const char *base_addr = ACE_DEFAULT_BASE_ADDR, size_t max_segments = ACE_DEFAULT_MAX_SEGMENTS, size_t file_perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS, off_t minimum_bytes = 0, size_t segment_size = ACE_DEFAULT_SEGMENT_SIZE)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const char* \fBbase_addr_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIBase address of the memory-mapped backing store.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBmax_segments_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fINumber of shared memory segments to allocate.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "off_t \fBminimum_bytes_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIWhat the minimum bytes of the initial segment should be.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBfile_perms_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIFile permissions to use when creating/opening a segment.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBsegment_size_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIShared memory segment size.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Helper class for Shared Memory Pool constructor options.
.PP
.PP
 This should be a nested class, but that breaks too many compilers. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool_Options::ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool_Options (const char * base_addr = ACE_DEFAULT_BASE_ADDR, size_t max_segments = ACE_DEFAULT_MAX_SEGMENTS, size_t file_perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS, off_t minimum_bytes = 0, size_t segment_size = ACE_DEFAULT_SEGMENT_SIZE)
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS const char * ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool_Options::base_addr_
.PP
Base address of the memory-mapped backing store.
.PP
.SS size_t ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool_Options::file_perms_
.PP
File permissions to use when creating/opening a segment.
.PP
.SS size_t ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool_Options::max_segments_
.PP
Number of shared memory segments to allocate.
.PP
.SS off_t ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool_Options::minimum_bytes_
.PP
What the minimum bytes of the initial segment should be.
.PP
.SS size_t ACE_Shared_Memory_Pool_Options::segment_size_
.PP
Shared memory segment size.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.