.TH ACE_Basic_Stats 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Basic_Stats \- Collect basic stats about a series of samples. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Basic_Stats.h>\fR
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_Throughput_Stats\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Basic_Stats\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_UINT32 \fBsamples_count\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIThe number of samples received so far.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsample\fR (\fBACE_UINT64\fR value)"
.br
.RI "\fIRecord one sample.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBaccumulate\fR (const ACE_Basic_Stats &rhs)"
.br
.RI "\fIUpdate the values to reflect the stats in 
.PP
\fBParameters: \fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIrhs.\fR\fR\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump_results\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *msg, ACE_UINT32 scale_factor) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump all the samples.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_UINT32 \fBsamples_count_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe number of samples.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_UINT64\fR \fBmin_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe minimum value.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_UINT32 \fBmin_at_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe number of the sample that had the minimum value.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_UINT64\fR \fBmax_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe maximum value.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_UINT32 \fBmax_at_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe number of the sample that had the maximum value.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_UINT64\fR \fBsum_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe sum of all the values.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_UINT64\fR \fBsum2_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe sum of the square of all the values.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Collect basic stats about a series of samples.
.PP
Compute the average and standard deviation (aka jitter) for an arbitrary number of samples, using constant space. Normally used for latency statistics. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Basic_Stats::ACE_Basic_Stats (void)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
The number of samples is pre-allocated, and cannot changes once the class is initialized. 
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_Basic_Stats::accumulate (const ACE_Basic_Stats & rhs)
.PP
Update the values to reflect the stats in 
.PP
\fBParameters: \fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIrhs.\fR\fR
.PP
.SS void ACE_Basic_Stats::dump_results (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * msg, ACE_UINT32 scale_factor) const
.PP
Dump all the samples.
.PP
Prints out the results, using 
.PP
\fBParameters: \fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fImsg\fR\fR as a prefix for each message and scaling all the numbers by 
.TP
\fB\fIscale_factor.\fR\fR The latter is useful because high resolution timer samples are acquired in clock ticks, but often presented in microseconds. 
.SS void ACE_Basic_Stats::sample (\fBACE_UINT64\fR value)
.PP
Record one sample.
.PP
.SS ACE_UINT32 ACE_Basic_Stats::samples_count (void) const
.PP
The number of samples received so far.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_UINT64\fR ACE_Basic_Stats::max_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
The maximum value.
.PP
.SS ACE_UINT32 ACE_Basic_Stats::max_at_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
The number of the sample that had the maximum value.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_UINT64\fR ACE_Basic_Stats::min_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
The minimum value.
.PP
.SS ACE_UINT32 ACE_Basic_Stats::min_at_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
The number of the sample that had the minimum value.
.PP
.SS ACE_UINT32 ACE_Basic_Stats::samples_count_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
The number of samples.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_UINT64\fR ACE_Basic_Stats::sum2_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
The sum of the square of all the values.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_UINT64\fR ACE_Basic_Stats::sum_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
The sum of all the values.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.