.TH ACE_Accept_QoS_Params 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Accept_QoS_Params \- Wrapper class that simplifies the information passed to the QoS enabled  method. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <OS.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Accept_QoS_Params\fR (\fBACE_QOS_CONDITION_FUNC\fR qos_condition_callback = 0, u_long callback_data = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_QOS_CONDITION_FUNC\fR \fBqos_condition_callback\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBqos_condition_callback\fR (\fBACE_QOS_CONDITION_FUNC\fR qcc)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBcallback_data\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcallback_data\fR (u_long cd)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_QOS_CONDITION_FUNC\fR \fBqos_condition_callback_\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBcallback_data_\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Wrapper class that simplifies the information passed to the QoS enabled  method.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Accept_QoS_Params::ACE_Accept_QoS_Params (\fBACE_QOS_CONDITION_FUNC\fR qos_condition_callback = 0, u_long callback_data = 0)
.PP
Initialize the data members. The <qos_condition_callback> is the address of an optional, application-supplied condition function that will make an accept/reject decision based on the caller information pass in as parameters, and optionally create or join a socket group by assinging an appropriate value to the result parameter <g> of this function. The <callback_data> data is passed back to the application as a condition function parameter, i.e., it is an Asynchronous Completion Token (ACT). 
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_Accept_QoS_Params::callback_data (u_long cd)
.PP
.SS u_long ACE_Accept_QoS_Params::callback_data (void) const
.PP
.SS void ACE_Accept_QoS_Params::qos_condition_callback (\fBACE_QOS_CONDITION_FUNC\fR qcc)
.PP
.SS \fBACE_QOS_CONDITION_FUNC\fR ACE_Accept_QoS_Params::qos_condition_callback (void) const
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS u_long ACE_Accept_QoS_Params::callback_data_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
This data is passed back to the application as a condition function parameter, i.e., it is an Asynchronous Completion Token (ACT). 
.SS \fBACE_QOS_CONDITION_FUNC\fR ACE_Accept_QoS_Params::qos_condition_callback_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
This is the address of an optional, application-supplied condition function that will make an accept/reject decision based on the caller information pass in as parameters, and optionally create or join a socket group by assinging an appropriate value to the result parameter <g> of this function. 

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.