.TH ACE_Null_Caching_Strategy 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Null_Caching_Strategy \- The is a special caching strategy which doesnt have the purging feature. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Caching_Strategies_T.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef ATTRIBUTES \fBCACHING_ATTRIBUTES\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ATTRIBUTES \fBattributes\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIAccessor method.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBpurge_percent\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBpurge_percent\fR (double percentage)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnotify_bind\fR (int result, const ATTRIBUTES &attr)"
.br
.RI "\fINotification for an item getting bound into the cache.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnotify_find\fR (int result, ATTRIBUTES &attr)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis method acts as a notification about the CONTAINERs find method call.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnotify_unbind\fR (int result, const ATTRIBUTES &attr)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis method acts as a notification about the CONTAINERs unbind method call.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnotify_trybind\fR (int result, ATTRIBUTES &attr)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis method acts as a notification about the CONTAINERs trybind method call.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnotify_rebind\fR (int result, const ATTRIBUTES &attr)"
.br
.RI "\fINotification for an item getting bound again into the cache.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "CACHING_UTILITY& \fBcaching_utility\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIPurge the cache.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDumps the state of the object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "CACHING_UTILITY \fBcaching_utility_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is the helper class which will decide and expunge entries from the cache.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class ATTRIBUTES, class CACHING_UTILITY>  template class ACE_Null_Caching_Strategy
The is a special caching strategy which doesnt have the purging feature.
.PP
.PP
 No purging provided. To be used when purging might be too expensive an operation. 
.PP
.SH MEMBER TYPEDEF DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> typedef ATTRIBUTES ACE_Null_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::CACHING_ATTRIBUTES
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> ATTRIBUTES ACE_Null_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::attributes (void)
.PP
Accessor method.
.PP
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> CACHING_UTILITY & ACE_Null_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::caching_utility (void)
.PP
Purge the cache.
.PP
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> void ACE_Null_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::dump (void) const
.PP
Dumps the state of the object.
.PP
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> int ACE_Null_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::notify_bind (int result, const ATTRIBUTES & attr)
.PP
Notification for an item getting bound into the cache.
.PP
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> int ACE_Null_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::notify_find (int result, ATTRIBUTES & attr)
.PP
This method acts as a notification about the CONTAINERs find method call.
.PP
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> int ACE_Null_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::notify_rebind (int result, const ATTRIBUTES & attr)
.PP
Notification for an item getting bound again into the cache.
.PP
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> int ACE_Null_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::notify_trybind (int result, ATTRIBUTES & attr)
.PP
This method acts as a notification about the CONTAINERs trybind method call.
.PP
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> int ACE_Null_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::notify_unbind (int result, const ATTRIBUTES & attr)
.PP
This method acts as a notification about the CONTAINERs unbind method call.
.PP
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> void ACE_Null_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::purge_percent (double percentage)
.PP
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> double ACE_Null_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::purge_percent (void)
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classATTRIBUTES, classCACHING_UTILITY> CACHING_UTILITY ACE_Null_Caching_Strategy<ATTRIBUTES, CACHING_UTILITY>::caching_utility_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
This is the helper class which will decide and expunge entries from the cache.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.