.TH ACE_OS_Object_Manager 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_OS_Object_Manager \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <OS.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Object_Manager_Base\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBPreallocated_Object\fR { \fBACE_OS_EMPTY_PREALLOCATED_OBJECT\fR, \fBACE_OS_PREALLOCATED_OBJECTS\fR }"
.br
.RI "\fIUnique identifiers for preallocated objects.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBinit\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIExplicitly initialize.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBfini\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIExplicitly destroy.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_OS_Object_Manager\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_OS_Object_Manager\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBstarting_up\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBshutting_down\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns 1 after the  has been destroyed. See  for more information.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "sigset_t* \fBdefault_mask\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIAccesses a default signal set used, for example, in  methods.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Thread_Hook\fR* \fBthread_hook\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the current thread hook for the process.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Thread_Hook\fR* \fBthread_hook\fR (\fBACE_Thread_Hook\fR *new_thread_hook)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the existing thread hook and assign a <new_thread_hook>.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBat_exit\fR (ACE_EXIT_HOOK func)"
.br
.RI "\fIFor  support.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "sigset_t* \fBdefault_mask_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault signal set used, for example, in \fBACE_Sig_Guard\fR.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Thread_Hook\fR* \fBthread_hook_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThread hook that's used by this process.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_OS_Exit_Info\fR \fBexit_info_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIFor at_exit support.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_OS_Object_Manager* \fBinstance\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIAccessor to singleton instance.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBprint_error_message\fR (u_int line_number, const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *message)"
.br
.RI "\fIFor use by init () and fini (), to consolidate error reporting.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_OS_Object_Manager* \fBinstance_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fISingleton instance pointer.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void* \fBpreallocated_object\fR [ACE_OS_PREALLOCATED_OBJECTS]"
.br
.RI "\fITable of preallocated objects.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_OS\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_Object_Manager\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_OS_Object_Manager_Manager\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_TSS_Cleanup\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_TSS_Emulation\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_Log_Msg\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBACE_OS_Object_Manager_Internal_Exit_Hook\fR ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH MEMBER ENUMERATION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS enum ACE_OS_Object_Manager::Preallocated_Object
.PP
Unique identifiers for preallocated objects.
.PP
\fBEnumeration values:\fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIACE_OS_EMPTY_PREALLOCATED_OBJECT\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fIACE_OS_PREALLOCATED_OBJECTS\fR \fRThis enum value must be last!
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_OS_Object_Manager::ACE_OS_Object_Manager (void)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_OS_Object_Manager::~ACE_OS_Object_Manager (void)
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_OS_Object_Manager::at_exit (ACE_EXIT_HOOK func)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
For  support.
.PP
.SS sigset_t * ACE_OS_Object_Manager::default_mask (void)\fC [static]\fR
.PP
Accesses a default signal set used, for example, in  methods.
.PP
.SS int ACE_OS_Object_Manager::fini (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Explicitly destroy.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Object_Manager_Base\fR.
.SS int ACE_OS_Object_Manager::init (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Explicitly initialize.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Object_Manager_Base\fR.
.SS ACE_OS_Object_Manager * ACE_OS_Object_Manager::instance (void)\fC [static, private]\fR
.PP
Accessor to singleton instance.
.PP
.SS void ACE_OS_Object_Manager::print_error_message (u_int line_number, const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * message)\fC [static, private]\fR
.PP
For use by init () and fini (), to consolidate error reporting.
.PP
.SS int ACE_OS_Object_Manager::shutting_down (void)\fC [static]\fR
.PP
Returns 1 after the  has been destroyed. See  for more information.
.PP
.SS int ACE_OS_Object_Manager::starting_up (void)\fC [static]\fR
.PP
Returns 1 before the  has been constructed. See  for more information. 
.SS \fBACE_Thread_Hook\fR * ACE_OS_Object_Manager::thread_hook (\fBACE_Thread_Hook\fR * new_thread_hook)\fC [static]\fR
.PP
Returns the existing thread hook and assign a <new_thread_hook>.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Thread_Hook\fR * ACE_OS_Object_Manager::thread_hook (void)\fC [static]\fR
.PP
Returns the current thread hook for the process.
.PP
.SH FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS class ACE_Log_Msg\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
.SS class ACE_OS\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
This class is for internal use by \fBACE_OS\fR, etc., only.
.PP
.SS void ACE_OS_Object_Manager_Internal_Exit_Hook (void)\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
.SS class ACE_OS_Object_Manager_Manager\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
.SS class ACE_Object_Manager\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
.SS class ACE_TSS_Cleanup\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
.SS class ACE_TSS_Emulation\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS sigset_t * ACE_OS_Object_Manager::default_mask_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Default signal set used, for example, in \fBACE_Sig_Guard\fR.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_OS_Exit_Info\fR ACE_OS_Object_Manager::exit_info_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
For at_exit support.
.PP
.SS ACE_OS_Object_Manager * ACE_OS_Object_Manager::instance_\fC [static, private]\fR
.PP
Singleton instance pointer.
.PP
.SS void * ACE_OS_Object_Manager::preallocated_object[ACE_OS_PREALLOCATED_OBJECTS]\fC [static, private]\fR
.PP
Table of preallocated objects.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Thread_Hook\fR * ACE_OS_Object_Manager::thread_hook_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Thread hook that's used by this process.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.