.TH ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool \- Make a memory pool that is based on <mmap(2)>. This implementation allows memory to be shared between processes. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Memory_Pool.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR.
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_Lite_MMAP_Memory_Pool\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool_Options\fR \fBOPTIONS\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *backing_store_name = 0, const \fBOPTIONS\fR *options = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialize the pool.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void* \fBinit_acquire\fR (size_t nbytes, size_t &rounded_bytes, int &first_time)"
.br
.RI "\fIAsk system for initial chunk of shared memory.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void* \fBacquire\fR (size_t nbytes, size_t &rounded_bytes)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBrelease\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIInstruct the memory pool to release all of its resources.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBsync\fR (\fBssize_t\fR len = -1, int flags = MS_SYNC)"
.br
.RI "\fISync the memory region to the backing store starting at <this->base_addr_>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBsync\fR (void *addr, size_t len, int flags = MS_SYNC)"
.br
.RI "\fISync the memory region to the backing store starting at .\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBprotect\fR (\fBssize_t\fR len = -1, int prot = PROT_RDWR)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBprotect\fR (void *addr, size_t len, int prot = PROT_RDWR)"
.br
.RI "\fIChange the protection of the pages of the mapped region to <prot> starting at  up to <len> bytes.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBseh_selector\fR (void *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBremap\fR (void *addr)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void* \fBbase_addr\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the base address of this memory pool.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual size_t \fBround_up\fR (size_t nbytes)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBcommit_backing_store_name\fR (size_t rounded_bytes, off_t &map_size)"
.br
.RI "\fICompute the new <map_size> of the backing store and commit the memory.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBmap_file\fR (off_t map_size)"
.br
.RI "\fIMemory map the file up to <map_size> bytes.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBhandle_signal\fR (int signum, \fBsiginfo_t\fR *, \fBucontext_t\fR *)"
.br
.RI "\fIHandle SIGSEGV and SIGBUS signals to remap shared memory properly.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Sig_Handler\fR \fBsignal_handler_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIHandles SIGSEGV.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Mem_Map\fR \fBmmap_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIMemory-mapping object.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void* \fBbase_addr_\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBflags_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIFlags passed into .\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBwrite_each_page_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIShould we write a byte to each page to forceably allocate memory for this backing store?\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "off_t \fBminimum_bytes_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIWhat the minimum bytes of the initial segment should be.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_TCHAR\fR \fBbacking_store_name_\fR [MAXPATHLEN + 1]"
.br
.RI "\fIName of the backing store where the shared memory pool is kept.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBguess_on_fault_\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "LPSECURITY_ATTRIBUTES \fBsa_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fISecurity attributes object, only used on NT.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Make a memory pool that is based on <mmap(2)>. This implementation allows memory to be shared between processes.
.PP
.SH MEMBER TYPEDEF DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS typedef \fBACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool_Options\fR ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::OPTIONS
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * backing_store_name = 0, const \fBOPTIONS\fR * options = 0)
.PP
Initialize the pool.
.PP
.SS virtual ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::~ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void * ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::acquire (size_t nbytes, size_t & rounded_bytes)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Acquire at least <nbytes> from the memory pool. <rounded_bytes> is the actual number of bytes allocated. Also acquires an internal semaphore that ensures proper serialization of  initialization across processes. 
.SS void * ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::base_addr (void) const\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Return the base address of this memory pool.
.PP
.SS int ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::commit_backing_store_name (size_t rounded_bytes, off_t & map_size)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
Compute the new <map_size> of the backing store and commit the memory.
.PP
.SS void ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::dump (void) const\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS int ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::handle_signal (int signum, \fBsiginfo_t\fR *, \fBucontext_t\fR *)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
Handle SIGSEGV and SIGBUS signals to remap shared memory properly.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR.
.SS void * ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::init_acquire (size_t nbytes, size_t & rounded_bytes, int & first_time)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Ask system for initial chunk of shared memory.
.PP
.SS int ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::map_file (off_t map_size)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
Memory map the file up to <map_size> bytes.
.PP
.SS int ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::protect (void * addr, size_t len, int prot = PROT_RDWR)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Change the protection of the pages of the mapped region to <prot> starting at  up to <len> bytes.
.PP
.SS int ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::protect (\fBssize_t\fR len = -1, int prot = PROT_RDWR)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Change the protection of the pages of the mapped region to <prot> starting at <this->base_addr_> up to <len> bytes. If <len> == -1 then change protection of all pages in the mapped region. 
.SS int ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::release (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Instruct the memory pool to release all of its resources.
.PP
.SS int ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::remap (void * addr)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Try to extend the virtual address space so that  is now covered by the address mapping. The method succeeds and returns 0 if the backing store has adequate memory to cover this address. Otherwise, it returns -1. This method is typically called by a UNIX signal handler for SIGSEGV or a Win32 structured exception when another process has grown the backing store (and its mapping) and our process now incurs a fault because our mapping isn't in range (yet). 
.SS virtual size_t ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::round_up (size_t nbytes)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
.SS int ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::seh_selector (void *)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Win32 Structural exception selector. The return value decides how to handle memory pool related structural exceptions. Returns 1, 0, or , -1. 
.SS int ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::sync (void * addr, size_t len, int flags = MS_SYNC)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Sync the memory region to the backing store starting at .
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Lite_MMAP_Memory_Pool\fR.
.SS int ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::sync (\fBssize_t\fR len = -1, int flags = MS_SYNC)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Sync the memory region to the backing store starting at <this->base_addr_>.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Lite_MMAP_Memory_Pool\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_TCHAR\fR ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::backing_store_name_[MAXPATHLEN+1]\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Name of the backing store where the shared memory pool is kept.
.PP
.SS void * ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::base_addr_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Base of mapped region. If this has the value of 0 then the OS is free to select any address to map the file, otherwise this value is what the OS must try to use to mmap the file. 
.SS int ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::flags_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Flags passed into .
.PP
.SS int ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::guess_on_fault_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Try to remap without knowing the faulting address. This parameter is ignored on platforms that know the faulting address (UNIX with SI_ADDR and Win32). 
.SS off_t ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::minimum_bytes_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
What the minimum bytes of the initial segment should be.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Mem_Map\fR ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::mmap_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Memory-mapping object.
.PP
.SS LPSECURITY_ATTRIBUTES ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::sa_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Security attributes object, only used on NT.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Sig_Handler\fR ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::signal_handler_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Handles SIGSEGV.
.PP
.SS int ACE_MMAP_Memory_Pool::write_each_page_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Should we write a byte to each page to forceably allocate memory for this backing store?
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.