.TH ACE_SV_Message_Queue 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_SV_Message_Queue \- Defines the header file for the C++ wrapper for System V IPC message queues. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <SV_Message_Queue.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum { \fBACE_CREATE\fR = IPC_CREAT, \fBACE_OPEN\fR = 0, \fBACE_NOWAIT\fR = IPC_NOWAIT }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_SV_Message_Queue\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpen a message queue using the <external_id>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_SV_Message_Queue\fR (key_t external_id, int create = ACE_SV_Message_Queue::ACE_OPEN, int perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopen\fR (key_t external_id, int create = ACE_SV_Message_Queue::ACE_OPEN, int perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_SV_Message_Queue\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBclose\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIClose down this instance of the message queue without removing it from the system.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBremove\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIClose down and remove the message queue from the system.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrecv\fR (\fBACE_SV_Message\fR &mb, int length, long mtype = 0, int mflags = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsend\fR (const \fBACE_SV_Message\fR &mb, int length, int mflags = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcontrol\fR (int option, void *arg = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIAccess the underlying control operations.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBget_id\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_id\fR (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBinternal_id_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIReturned from the underlying <msgget> system call.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Defines the header file for the C++ wrapper for System V IPC message queues.
.PP
.SH MEMBER ENUMERATION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS anonymous enum
.PP
\fBEnumeration values:\fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIACE_CREATE\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fIACE_OPEN\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fIACE_NOWAIT\fR \fR
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_SV_Message_Queue::ACE_SV_Message_Queue (void)
.PP
Open a message queue using the <external_id>.
.PP
.SS ACE_SV_Message_Queue::ACE_SV_Message_Queue (key_t external_id, int create = ACE_SV_Message_Queue::ACE_OPEN, int perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS)
.PP
.SS ACE_SV_Message_Queue::~ACE_SV_Message_Queue (void)
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_SV_Message_Queue::close (void)
.PP
Close down this instance of the message queue without removing it from the system.
.PP
.SS int ACE_SV_Message_Queue::control (int option, void * arg = 0)
.PP
Access the underlying control operations.
.PP
.SS void ACE_SV_Message_Queue::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS int ACE_SV_Message_Queue::get_id (void) const
.PP
.SS int ACE_SV_Message_Queue::open (key_t external_id, int create = ACE_SV_Message_Queue::ACE_OPEN, int perms = ACE_DEFAULT_FILE_PERMS)
.PP
.SS int ACE_SV_Message_Queue::recv (\fBACE_SV_Message\fR & mb, int length, long mtype = 0, int mflags = 0)
.PP
.SS int ACE_SV_Message_Queue::remove (void)
.PP
Close down and remove the message queue from the system.
.PP
.SS int ACE_SV_Message_Queue::send (const \fBACE_SV_Message\fR & mb, int length, int mflags = 0)
.PP
.SS void ACE_SV_Message_Queue::set_id (int)
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_SV_Message_Queue::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
.SS int ACE_SV_Message_Queue::internal_id_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Returned from the underlying <msgget> system call.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.