.TH ACE_SOCK_Stream 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_SOCK_Stream \- Defines the methods in the  abstraction. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <SOCK_Stream.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_SOCK_IO\fR.
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_LSOCK_Stream\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBACE_INET_Addr\fR \fBPEER_ADDR\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_SOCK_Stream\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_SOCK_Stream\fR (ACE_HANDLE h)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor (sets the underlying  with <h>).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_SOCK_Stream\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBssize_t\fR \fBrecv_n\fR (void *buf, size_t len, int flags, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0, size_t *bytes_transferred = 0) const"
.br
.RI "\fITry to recv exactly <len> bytes into <buf> from the connected socket.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBssize_t\fR \fBrecv_n\fR (void *buf, size_t len, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0, size_t *bytes_transferred = 0) const"
.br
.RI "\fITry to recv exactly <len> bytes into <buf> from the connected socket.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBssize_t\fR \fBrecvv_n\fR (\fBiovec\fR iov[], size_t iovcnt, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0, size_t *bytes_transferred = 0) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReceive an <\fBiovec\fR> of size <iovcnt> from the connected socket.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBssize_t\fR \fBsend_n\fR (const void *buf, size_t len, int flags, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0, size_t *bytes_transferred = 0) const"
.br
.RI "\fITry to send exactly <len> bytes from <buf> to the connection socket.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBssize_t\fR \fBsend_n\fR (const void *buf, size_t len, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0, size_t *bytes_transferred = 0) const"
.br
.RI "\fITry to send exactly <len> bytes from <buf> to the connected socket.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBssize_t\fR \fBsend_n\fR (const \fBACE_Message_Block\fR *message_block, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0, size_t *bytes_transferred = 0) const"
.br
.RI "\fISend all the <message_block>s chained through their <next> and <cont> pointers. This call uses the underlying OS gather-write operation to reduce the domain-crossing penalty.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBssize_t\fR \fBsendv_n\fR (const \fBiovec\fR iov[], size_t iovcnt, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0, size_t *bytes_transferred = 0) const"
.br
.RI "\fISend an <\fBiovec\fR> of size <iovcnt> to the connected socket.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBssize_t\fR \fBsend_urg\fR (const void *ptr, size_t len = sizeof (char), const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBssize_t\fR \fBrecv_urg\fR (void *ptr, size_t len = sizeof (char), const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBclose_reader\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIClose down the reader.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBclose_writer\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIClose down the writer.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBclose\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Defines the methods in the  abstraction.
.PP
.PP
 This adds additional wrapper methods atop the  class.
.PP
<buf> is the buffer to write from or receive into. <len> is the number of bytes to transfer. The <timeout> parameter in the following methods indicates how long to blocking trying to transfer data. If <timeout> == 0, then the call behaves as a normal send/recv call, i.e., for blocking sockets, the call will block until action is possible; for non-blocking sockets, EWOULDBLOCK will be returned if no action is immediately possible. If <timeout> != 0, the call will wait for data to arrive no longer than the relative time specified in *<timeout>. The "_n()" I/O methods keep looping until all the data has been transferred. These methods also work for sockets in non-blocking mode i.e., they keep looping on EWOULDBLOCK. <timeout> is used to make sure we keep making progress, i.e., the same timeout value is used for every I/O operation in the loop and the timeout is not counted down. The return values for the "*_n()" methods match the return values from the non "_n()" methods and are specified as follows:
.TP
On complete transfer, the number of bytes transferred is returned.
.TP
On timeout, -1 is returned, errno == ETIME.
.TP
On error, -1 is returned, errno is set to appropriate error.
.TP
On EOF, 0 is returned, errno is irrelevant.On partial transfers, i.e., if any data is transferred before timeout/error/EOF, <bytes_transferred> will contain the number of bytes transferred. Methods with <\fBiovec\fR> parameter are I/O vector variants of the I/O operations. Methods with the extra <flags> argument will always result in <send> getting called. Methods without the extra <flags> argument will result in <send> getting called on Win32 platforms, and <write> getting called on non-Win32 platforms. 
.PP
.SH MEMBER TYPEDEF DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS typedef \fBACE_INET_Addr\fR ACE_SOCK_Stream::PEER_ADDR
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_LSOCK_Stream\fR.
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_SOCK_Stream::ACE_SOCK_Stream (void)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_SOCK_Stream::ACE_SOCK_Stream (ACE_HANDLE h)
.PP
Constructor (sets the underlying  with <h>).
.PP
.SS ACE_SOCK_Stream::~ACE_SOCK_Stream (void)
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_SOCK_Stream::close (void)
.PP
Close down the socket (we need this to make things work correctly on Win32, which requires use to do a <close_writer> before doing the close to avoid losing data). 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_SOCK\fR.
.SS int ACE_SOCK_Stream::close_reader (void)
.PP
Close down the reader.
.PP
.SS int ACE_SOCK_Stream::close_writer (void)
.PP
Close down the writer.
.PP
.SS void ACE_SOCK_Stream::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_SOCK_IO\fR.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_LSOCK_Stream\fR.
.SS \fBssize_t\fR ACE_SOCK_Stream::recv_n (void * buf, size_t len, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0, size_t * bytes_transferred = 0) const
.PP
Try to recv exactly <len> bytes into <buf> from the connected socket.
.PP
.SS \fBssize_t\fR ACE_SOCK_Stream::recv_n (void * buf, size_t len, int flags, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0, size_t * bytes_transferred = 0) const
.PP
Try to recv exactly <len> bytes into <buf> from the connected socket.
.PP
.SS \fBssize_t\fR ACE_SOCK_Stream::recv_urg (void * ptr, size_t len = sizeof (char), const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0) const
.PP
.SS \fBssize_t\fR ACE_SOCK_Stream::recvv_n (\fBiovec\fR iov[], size_t iovcnt, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0, size_t * bytes_transferred = 0) const
.PP
Receive an <\fBiovec\fR> of size <iovcnt> from the connected socket.
.PP
.SS \fBssize_t\fR ACE_SOCK_Stream::send_n (const \fBACE_Message_Block\fR * message_block, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0, size_t * bytes_transferred = 0) const
.PP
Send all the <message_block>s chained through their <next> and <cont> pointers. This call uses the underlying OS gather-write operation to reduce the domain-crossing penalty.
.PP
.SS \fBssize_t\fR ACE_SOCK_Stream::send_n (const void * buf, size_t len, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0, size_t * bytes_transferred = 0) const
.PP
Try to send exactly <len> bytes from <buf> to the connected socket.
.PP
.SS \fBssize_t\fR ACE_SOCK_Stream::send_n (const void * buf, size_t len, int flags, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0, size_t * bytes_transferred = 0) const
.PP
Try to send exactly <len> bytes from <buf> to the connection socket.
.PP
.SS \fBssize_t\fR ACE_SOCK_Stream::send_urg (const void * ptr, size_t len = sizeof (char), const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0) const
.PP
.SS \fBssize_t\fR ACE_SOCK_Stream::sendv_n (const \fBiovec\fR iov[], size_t iovcnt, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0, size_t * bytes_transferred = 0) const
.PP
Send an <\fBiovec\fR> of size <iovcnt> to the connected socket.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_SOCK_Stream::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_SOCK_IO\fR.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_LSOCK_Stream\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.