.TH ACE_ODB 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_ODB \- This is the object database (ODB) that keeps track of all live \fBACE\fR objects. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Dump.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum { \fBMAX_TABLE_SIZE\fR = 100000 }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump_objects\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIIterates through the entire set of registered objects and dumps their state.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBregister_object\fR (const \fBACE_Dumpable\fR *dumper)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd the tuple <dumper, this_> to the list of registered \fBACE\fR objects.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBremove_object\fR (const void *this_)"
.br
.RI "\fIUse <this_> to locate and remove the associated <dumper> from the list of registered \fBACE\fR objects.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_ODB* \fBinstance\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIInterface to the Singleton instance of the object database.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ODB\fR (void)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTuple\fR \fBobject_table_\fR [ACE_ODB::MAX_TABLE_SIZE]"
.br
.RI "\fIThe current implementation is very simple-minded and will be changed to be dynamic.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcurrent_size_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fICurrent size of <object_table_>.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_ODB* \fBinstance_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fISingleton instance of this class.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This is the object database (ODB) that keeps track of all live \fBACE\fR objects.
.PP
.SH MEMBER ENUMERATION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS anonymous enum
.PP
\fB\fBTodo: \fR\fR
.in +1c
 This is clearly inadequate and should be dynamic... 
.PP
\fBEnumeration values:\fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIMAX_TABLE_SIZE\fR \fR
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_ODB::ACE_ODB (void)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_ODB::dump_objects (void)
.PP
Iterates through the entire set of registered objects and dumps their state.
.PP
.SS ACE_ODB * ACE_ODB::instance (void)\fC [static]\fR
.PP
Interface to the Singleton instance of the object database.
.PP
.SS void ACE_ODB::register_object (const \fBACE_Dumpable\fR * dumper)
.PP
Add the tuple <dumper, this_> to the list of registered \fBACE\fR objects.
.PP
.SS void ACE_ODB::remove_object (const void * this_)
.PP
Use <this_> to locate and remove the associated <dumper> from the list of registered \fBACE\fR objects.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_ODB::current_size_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Current size of <object_table_>.
.PP
.SS ACE_ODB * ACE_ODB::instance_\fC [static, private]\fR
.PP
Singleton instance of this class.
.PP
.SS \fBTuple\fR ACE_ODB::object_table_[ACE_ODB::MAX_TABLE_SIZE]\fC [private]\fR
.PP
The current implementation is very simple-minded and will be changed to be dynamic.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.