.TH ACE_Handle_Gobbler 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Handle_Gobbler \- This class gobbles up handles. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Handle_Gobbler.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Handle_Gobbler\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor. Cleans up any remaining handles.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBconsume_handles\fR (size_t n_handles_to_keep_available)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBfree_handles\fR (size_t n_handles)"
.br
.RI "\fIFree up <n_handles>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclose_remaining_handles\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIAll remaining handles are closed.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBACE_Unbounded_Set\fR<ACE_HANDLE> \fBHANDLE_SET\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBHANDLE_SET\fR \fBhandle_set_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe container which holds the open descriptors.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This class gobbles up handles.
.PP
.PP
 This is useful when we need to control the number of handles available for a process. This class is mostly used for testing purposes. 
.PP
.SH MEMBER TYPEDEF DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS typedef \fBACE_Unbounded_Set\fR<ACE_HANDLE> ACE_Handle_Gobbler::HANDLE_SET\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Handle_Gobbler::~ACE_Handle_Gobbler (void)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Destructor. Cleans up any remaining handles.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_Handle_Gobbler::close_remaining_handles (void)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
All remaining handles are closed.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Handle_Gobbler::consume_handles (size_t n_handles_to_keep_available)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Handles are opened continously until the process runs out of them, and then <n_handles_to_keep_available> handles are closed (freed) thereby making them usable in the future. 
.SS int ACE_Handle_Gobbler::free_handles (size_t n_handles)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
Free up <n_handles>.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBHANDLE_SET\fR ACE_Handle_Gobbler::handle_set_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
The container which holds the open descriptors.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.