.TH ACE_Name_Reply 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Name_Reply \- Message format for delivering replies from the ACE_Name Server. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Name_Request_Reply.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBConstants\fR { \fBMAX_NAME_LENGTH\fR = MAXPATHLEN + 1 }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Name_Reply\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Name_Reply\fR (ACE_UINT32 type, ACE_UINT32 err)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a  message.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinit\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialize length_ in order to ensure correct byte ordering before a reply is sent.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_UINT32 \fBlength\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBlength\fR (ACE_UINT32)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_INT32 \fBmsg_type\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBmsg_type\fR (ACE_INT32)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_INT32 \fBstatus\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBstatus\fR (ACE_INT32)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_UINT32 \fBerrnum\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBerrnum\fR (ACE_UINT32)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBencode\fR (void *&)"
.br
.RI "\fIEncode the message before transfer.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdecode\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDecode a message after reception.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIPrint out the values of the message for debugging purposes.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTransfer\fR \fBtransfer_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBTransfer\fR buffer.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Message format for delivering replies from the ACE_Name Server.
.PP
.PP
 This class is implemented to minimize data copying. In particular, all marshaling is done in situ... 
.PP
.SH MEMBER ENUMERATION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS enum ACE_Name_Reply::Constants
.PP
\fBEnumeration values:\fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIMAX_NAME_LENGTH\fR \fRClass-specific constant values.
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Name_Reply::ACE_Name_Reply (void)
.PP
Default constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Name_Reply::ACE_Name_Reply (ACE_UINT32 type, ACE_UINT32 err)
.PP
Create a  message.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Name_Reply::decode (void)
.PP
Decode a message after reception.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Name_Reply::dump (void) const
.PP
Print out the values of the message for debugging purposes.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Name_Reply::encode (void *&)
.PP
Encode the message before transfer.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Name_Reply::errnum (ACE_UINT32)
.PP
.SS ACE_UINT32 ACE_Name_Reply::errnum (void) const
.PP
.SS void ACE_Name_Reply::init (void)
.PP
Initialize length_ in order to ensure correct byte ordering before a reply is sent.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Name_Reply::length (ACE_UINT32)
.PP
.SS ACE_UINT32 ACE_Name_Reply::length (void) const
.PP
.SS void ACE_Name_Reply::msg_type (ACE_INT32)
.PP
.SS ACE_INT32 ACE_Name_Reply::msg_type (void) const
.PP
.SS void ACE_Name_Reply::status (ACE_INT32)
.PP
.SS ACE_INT32 ACE_Name_Reply::status (void) const
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBTransfer\fR ACE_Name_Reply::transfer_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
\fBTransfer\fR buffer.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.