.TH ACE_SPIPE 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_SPIPE \- Defines the member functions for the base class of the ACE_SPIPE abstraction. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <SPIPE.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_IPC_SAP\fR.
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_SPIPE_Acceptor\fR, \fBACE_SPIPE_Stream\fR, and \fBACE_UPIPE_Stream\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBclose\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIClose down the \fBSTREAM\fR pipe without removing the rendezvous point.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBremove\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIClose down the \fBSTREAM\fR pipe and remove the rendezvous point from the file system.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBget_local_addr\fR (\fBACE_SPIPE_Addr\fR &) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the local address of this endpoint.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdisable\fR (int signum) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_SPIPE\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIEnsure that this class is an abstract base class.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_SPIPE_Addr\fR \fBlocal_addr_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIOur local address.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Defines the member functions for the base class of the ACE_SPIPE abstraction.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_SPIPE::ACE_SPIPE (void)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Ensure that this class is an abstract base class.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_SPIPE::close (void)
.PP
Close down the \fBSTREAM\fR pipe without removing the rendezvous point.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_SPIPE_Acceptor\fR, \fBACE_UPIPE_Acceptor\fR, and \fBACE_UPIPE_Stream\fR.
.SS int ACE_SPIPE::disable (int signum) const
.PP
Disable signal <signum> This is here to prevent Win32 from disabling SPIPE using socket calls 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_IPC_SAP\fR.
.SS void ACE_SPIPE::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_IPC_SAP\fR.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_SPIPE_Acceptor\fR, \fBACE_SPIPE_Stream\fR, \fBACE_UPIPE_Acceptor\fR, and \fBACE_UPIPE_Stream\fR.
.SS int ACE_SPIPE::get_local_addr (\fBACE_SPIPE_Addr\fR &) const
.PP
Return the local address of this endpoint.
.PP
.SS int ACE_SPIPE::remove (void)
.PP
Close down the \fBSTREAM\fR pipe and remove the rendezvous point from the file system.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_SPIPE_Acceptor\fR, and \fBACE_UPIPE_Acceptor\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_SPIPE::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_IPC_SAP\fR.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_SPIPE_Acceptor\fR, \fBACE_SPIPE_Stream\fR, \fBACE_UPIPE_Acceptor\fR, and \fBACE_UPIPE_Stream\fR.
.SS \fBACE_SPIPE_Addr\fR ACE_SPIPE::local_addr_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Our local address.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.