.TH ACE_Async_Timer_Queue_Adapter 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Async_Timer_Queue_Adapter \- Adapts a <TQ> to be run asynchronously. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Timer_Queue_Adapters.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef TQ \fBTIMER_QUEUE\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Async_Timer_Queue_Adapter\fR (\fBACE_Sig_Set\fR *mask = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBschedule\fR (\fBACE_Event_Handler\fR *type, const void *act, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR &delay, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR &interval = \fBACE_Time_Value::zero\fR)"
.br
.RI "\fISchedule the timer according to the semantics of the .\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcancel\fR (long timer_id, const void **act = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fICancel the <timer_id> and pass back the  if an address is passed in.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBexpire\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDispatch all timers whose values are <= <cur_time>. Returns the number of timers canceled.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "TQ& \fBtimer_queue\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIAccess the underlying <TIMER_QUEUE>.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBschedule_ualarm\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIPerform the logic to compute the new ualarm(2) setting.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBhandle_signal\fR (int signum, \fBsiginfo_t\fR *, \fBucontext_t\fR *)"
.br
.RI "\fICalled back by <SIGALRM> handler.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Sig_Handler\fR \fBsig_handler_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIHandler for the <SIGALRM> signal, so that we can access our state without requiring any global variables.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "TQ \fBtimer_queue_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIImplementation of the timer queue (e.g., , , etc.).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Sig_Set\fR \fBmask_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIMask of signals to be blocked when we're servicing <SIGALRM>.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class TQ>  template class ACE_Async_Timer_Queue_Adapter
Adapts a <TQ> to be run asynchronously.
.PP
.PP
 This implementation uses the <ualarm> call, which generates the SIGARLM signal that is caught by this class. 
.PP
.SH MEMBER TYPEDEF DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classTQ> typedef TQ ACE_Async_Timer_Queue_Adapter<TQ>::TIMER_QUEUE
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classTQ> ACE_Async_Timer_Queue_Adapter<TQ>::ACE_Async_Timer_Queue_Adapter<TQ> (\fBACE_Sig_Set\fR * mask = 0)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
Register the SIGALRM handler. If <mask> == 0 then block all signals when <SIGALRM> is run. Otherwise, just block the signals indicated in <mask>. 
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classTQ> int ACE_Async_Timer_Queue_Adapter<TQ>::cancel (long timer_id, const void ** act = 0)
.PP
Cancel the <timer_id> and pass back the  if an address is passed in.
.PP
.SS template<classTQ> int ACE_Async_Timer_Queue_Adapter<TQ>::expire (void)
.PP
Dispatch all timers whose values are <= <cur_time>. Returns the number of timers canceled.
.PP
.SS template<classTQ> int ACE_Async_Timer_Queue_Adapter<TQ>::handle_signal (int signum, \fBsiginfo_t\fR *, \fBucontext_t\fR *)\fC [private, virtual]\fR
.PP
Called back by <SIGALRM> handler.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR.
.SS template<classTQ> long ACE_Async_Timer_Queue_Adapter<TQ>::schedule (\fBACE_Event_Handler\fR * type, const void * act, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR & delay, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR & interval = \fBACE_Time_Value::zero\fR)
.PP
Schedule the timer according to the semantics of the .
.PP
Tthis timer gets dispatched via a signal, rather than by a user calling <expire>. Note that interval timers are not implemented yet. 
.SS template<classTQ> int ACE_Async_Timer_Queue_Adapter<TQ>::schedule_ualarm (void)\fC [private, virtual]\fR
.PP
Perform the logic to compute the new ualarm(2) setting.
.PP
.SS template<classTQ> TQ & ACE_Async_Timer_Queue_Adapter<TQ>::timer_queue (void)
.PP
Access the underlying <TIMER_QUEUE>.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classTQ> \fBACE_Sig_Set\fR ACE_Async_Timer_Queue_Adapter<TQ>::mask_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Mask of signals to be blocked when we're servicing <SIGALRM>.
.PP
.SS template<classTQ> \fBACE_Sig_Handler\fR ACE_Async_Timer_Queue_Adapter<TQ>::sig_handler_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Handler for the <SIGALRM> signal, so that we can access our state without requiring any global variables.
.PP
.SS template<classTQ> TQ ACE_Async_Timer_Queue_Adapter<TQ>::timer_queue_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Implementation of the timer queue (e.g., , , etc.).
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.