.TH ACE_Test_and_Set 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Test_and_Set \- Implements the classic ``test and set'' operation. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Test_and_Set.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Test_and_Set\fR (TYPE initial_value = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "TYPE \fBis_set\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns true if we are set, else false.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "TYPE \fBset\fR (TYPE)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the <is_set_> status, returning the original value of <is_set_>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBhandle_signal\fR (int signum, \fBsiginfo_t\fR * = 0, \fBucontext_t\fR * = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fICalled when object is signaled by OS (either via UNIX signals or when a Win32 object becomes signaled).\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "TYPE \fBis_set_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIKeeps track of our state.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_LOCK \fBlock_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIProtect the state from race conditions.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class ACE_LOCK, class TYPE>  template class ACE_Test_and_Set
Implements the classic ``test and set'' operation.
.PP
.PP
 This class keeps track of the status of <is_set_>, which can be set based on various events (such as receipt of a signal). This class is derived from  so that it can be "signaled" by a Reactor when a signal occurs. We assume that <TYPE> is a data type that can be assigned the value 0 or 1. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classACE_LOCK, classTYPE> ACE_Test_and_Set<ACE_LOCK, TYPE>::ACE_Test_and_Set<ACE_LOCK, TYPE> (TYPE initial_value = 0)
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classACE_LOCK, classTYPE> int ACE_Test_and_Set<ACE_LOCK, TYPE>::handle_signal (int signum, \fBsiginfo_t\fR * = 0, \fBucontext_t\fR * = 0)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Called when object is signaled by OS (either via UNIX signals or when a Win32 object becomes signaled).
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR.
.SS template<classACE_LOCK, classTYPE> TYPE ACE_Test_and_Set<ACE_LOCK, TYPE>::is_set (void) const
.PP
Returns true if we are set, else false.
.PP
.SS template<classACE_LOCK, classTYPE> TYPE ACE_Test_and_Set<ACE_LOCK, TYPE>::set (TYPE)
.PP
Sets the <is_set_> status, returning the original value of <is_set_>.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classACE_LOCK, classTYPE> TYPE ACE_Test_and_Set<ACE_LOCK, TYPE>::is_set_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Keeps track of our state.
.PP
.SS template<classACE_LOCK, classTYPE> ACE_LOCK ACE_Test_and_Set<ACE_LOCK, TYPE>::lock_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Protect the state from race conditions.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.