.TH ACE_Handle_Set 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Handle_Set \- C++ wrapper facade for the socket <fd_set> abstraction. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Handle_Set.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum { \fBMAXSIZE\fR = ACE_DEFAULT_SELECT_REACTOR_SIZE }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Handle_Set\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor, initializes the bitmask to all 0s.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Handle_Set\fR (const \fBACE_FD_SET_TYPE\fR &mask)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBreset\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialize the bitmask to all 0s and reset the associated fields.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBis_set\fR (ACE_HANDLE handle) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_bit\fR (ACE_HANDLE handle)"
.br
.RI "\fIEnables the <handle>. No range checking is performed so <handle> must be less than .\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclr_bit\fR (ACE_HANDLE handle)"
.br
.RI "\fIDisables the <handle>. No range checking is performed so <handle> must be less than .\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnum_set\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns a count of the number of enabled bits.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBmax_set\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the number of the large bit.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsync\fR (ACE_HANDLE max)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoperator fd_set *\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns a pointer to the underlying <fd_set>. Returns 0 if there are no handle bits set (<size_> == 0).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "fd_set* \fBfdset\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns a pointer to the underlying <fd_set>. Returns 0 if there are no handle bits set (<size_> == 0).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum { \fBWORDSIZE\fR = NFDBITS, \fBNBITS\fR = 256 }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_max\fR (ACE_HANDLE max)"
.br
.RI "\fIResets the <max_handle_> after a clear of the original <max_handle_>.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsize_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fISize of the set, i.e., a count of the number of enabled bits.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBmax_handle_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fICurrent max handle.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "fd_set \fBmask_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIBitmask.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcount_bits\fR (u_long n)"
.br
.RI "\fICounts the number of bits enabled in N. Uses a table lookup to speed up the count.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const char \fBnbits_\fR [NBITS]"
.br
.RI "\fITable that maps bytes to counts of the enabled bits in each value from 0 to 255.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_Handle_Set_Iterator\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
C++ wrapper facade for the socket <fd_set> abstraction.
.PP
.PP
 This abstraction is a very efficient wrapper facade over <fd_set>. In particular, no range checking is performed, so it's important not to set or clear bits that are outside the . 
.PP
.SH MEMBER ENUMERATION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS anonymous enum
.PP
\fBEnumeration values:\fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIMAXSIZE\fR \fR
.SS anonymous enum\fC [private]\fR
.PP
\fBEnumeration values:\fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIWORDSIZE\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fINBITS\fR \fR
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Handle_Set::ACE_Handle_Set (void)
.PP
Constructor, initializes the bitmask to all 0s.
.PP
.SS ACE_Handle_Set::ACE_Handle_Set (const \fBACE_FD_SET_TYPE\fR & mask)
.PP
Constructor, initializes the handle set from a given mask.  is a <typedef> based on the platform's native type used for masks passed to <select>. 
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_Handle_Set::clr_bit (ACE_HANDLE handle)
.PP
Disables the <handle>. No range checking is performed so <handle> must be less than .
.PP
.SS int ACE_Handle_Set::count_bits (u_long n)\fC [static, private]\fR
.PP
Counts the number of bits enabled in N. Uses a table lookup to speed up the count.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Handle_Set::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS fd_set * ACE_Handle_Set::fdset (void)
.PP
Returns a pointer to the underlying <fd_set>. Returns 0 if there are no handle bits set (<size_> == 0).
.PP
.SS int ACE_Handle_Set::is_set (ACE_HANDLE handle) const
.PP
Checks whether <handle> is enabled. No range checking is performed so <handle> must be less than . 
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_Handle_Set::max_set (void) const
.PP
Returns the number of the large bit.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Handle_Set::num_set (void) const
.PP
Returns a count of the number of enabled bits.
.PP
.SS ACE_Handle_Set::operator fd_set * ()
.PP
Returns a pointer to the underlying <fd_set>. Returns 0 if there are no handle bits set (<size_> == 0).
.PP
.SS void ACE_Handle_Set::reset (void)
.PP
Initialize the bitmask to all 0s and reset the associated fields.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Handle_Set::set_bit (ACE_HANDLE handle)
.PP
Enables the <handle>. No range checking is performed so <handle> must be less than .
.PP
.SS void ACE_Handle_Set::set_max (ACE_HANDLE max)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Resets the <max_handle_> after a clear of the original <max_handle_>.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Handle_Set::sync (ACE_HANDLE max)
.PP
Rescan the underlying <fd_set> up to handle <max> to find the new <max_handle> (highest bit set) and <size> (how many bits set) values. This is useful for evaluating the changes after the handle set has been manipulated in some way other than member functions; for example, after <select> modifies the <fd_set>. 
.SH FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS class ACE_Handle_Set_Iterator\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Handle_Set::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
.SS fd_set ACE_Handle_Set::mask_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Bitmask.
.PP
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_Handle_Set::max_handle_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Current max handle.
.PP
.SS const char ACE_Handle_Set::nbits_[NBITS]\fC [static, private]\fR
.PP
Table that maps bytes to counts of the enabled bits in each value from 0 to 255.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Handle_Set::size_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Size of the set, i.e., a count of the number of enabled bits.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.