.TH ACE_Auto_IncDec 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Auto_IncDec \- This class automatically increments and decrements a parameterized counter. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Auto_IncDec_T.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Auto_IncDec\fR (ACE_SAFELY_INCREMENTABLE_DECREMENTABLE &counter)"
.br
.RI "\fIImplicitly increment the counter.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Auto_IncDec\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIImplicitly decrement the counter.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_SAFELY_INCREMENTABLE_DECREMENTABLE& \fBcounter_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIReference to the  counter we're incrementing/decrementing.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator=\fR (const ACE_Auto_IncDec<ACE_SAFELY_INCREMENTABLE_DECREMENTABLE> &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Auto_IncDec\fR (const ACE_Auto_IncDec<ACE_SAFELY_INCREMENTABLE_DECREMENTABLE> &)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class ACE_SAFELY_INCREMENTABLE_DECREMENTABLE>  template class ACE_Auto_IncDec
This class automatically increments and decrements a parameterized counter.
.PP
.PP
 This data structure is meant to be used within a method, function, or scope. The actual parameter given for the  template parameter must provide at least opertaors ++ and --. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classACE_SAFELY_INCREMENTABLE_DECREMENTABLE> ACE_Auto_IncDec<ACE_SAFELY_INCREMENTABLE_DECREMENTABLE>::ACE_Auto_IncDec<ACE_SAFELY_INCREMENTABLE_DECREMENTABLE> (ACE_SAFELY_INCREMENTABLE_DECREMENTABLE & counter)
.PP
Implicitly increment the counter.
.PP
.SS template<classACE_SAFELY_INCREMENTABLE_DECREMENTABLE> ACE_Auto_IncDec<ACE_SAFELY_INCREMENTABLE_DECREMENTABLE>::~ACE_Auto_IncDec<ACE_SAFELY_INCREMENTABLE_DECREMENTABLE> (void)
.PP
Implicitly decrement the counter.
.PP
.SS template<classACE_SAFELY_INCREMENTABLE_DECREMENTABLE> ACE_Auto_IncDec<ACE_SAFELY_INCREMENTABLE_DECREMENTABLE>::ACE_Auto_IncDec<ACE_SAFELY_INCREMENTABLE_DECREMENTABLE> (const ACE_Auto_IncDec< ACE_SAFELY_INCREMENTABLE_DECREMENTABLE >&)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classACE_SAFELY_INCREMENTABLE_DECREMENTABLE> void ACE_Auto_IncDec<ACE_SAFELY_INCREMENTABLE_DECREMENTABLE>::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS template<classACE_SAFELY_INCREMENTABLE_DECREMENTABLE> void ACE_Auto_IncDec<ACE_SAFELY_INCREMENTABLE_DECREMENTABLE>::operator= (const ACE_Auto_IncDec< ACE_SAFELY_INCREMENTABLE_DECREMENTABLE >&)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classACE_SAFELY_INCREMENTABLE_DECREMENTABLE> ACE_SAFELY_INCREMENTABLE_DECREMENTABLE & ACE_Auto_IncDec<ACE_SAFELY_INCREMENTABLE_DECREMENTABLE>::counter_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Reference to the  counter we're incrementing/decrementing.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.