.TH ACE_Event_Tuple 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Event_Tuple \- An \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR and its associated ACE_HANDLE. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Select_Reactor_Base.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Event_Tuple\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Event_Tuple\fR (\fBACE_Event_Handler\fR *eh, ACE_HANDLE h)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Event_Tuple\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator==\fR (const ACE_Event_Tuple &rhs) const"
.br
.RI "\fIEquality operator.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator!=\fR (const ACE_Event_Tuple &rhs) const"
.br
.RI "\fIInequality operator.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBhandle_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIHandle.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Event_Handler\fR* \fBevent_handler_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fI associated with the .\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
An \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR and its associated ACE_HANDLE.
.PP
.PP
 One  is registered for one or more . At various points, this information must be stored explicitly. This class provides a lightweight mechanism to do so. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Event_Tuple::ACE_Event_Tuple (void)
.PP
Default constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Event_Tuple::ACE_Event_Tuple (\fBACE_Event_Handler\fR * eh, ACE_HANDLE h)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Event_Tuple::~ACE_Event_Tuple (void)
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Event_Tuple::operator!= (const ACE_Event_Tuple & rhs) const
.PP
Inequality operator.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Event_Tuple::operator== (const ACE_Event_Tuple & rhs) const
.PP
Equality operator.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR * ACE_Event_Tuple::event_handler_
.PP
 associated with the .
.PP
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_Event_Tuple::handle_
.PP
Handle.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.