.TH ACE_Name_Proxy 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Name_Proxy \- Proxy for dealing with remote server process managing NET_LOCAL NameBindings. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Name_Proxy.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Name_Proxy\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Name_Proxy\fR (const \fBACE_INET_Addr\fR &remote_addr, \fBACE_Synch_Options\fR& options = \fBACE_Synch_Options::defaults\fR)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopen\fR (const \fBACE_INET_Addr\fR &remote_addr, \fBACE_Synch_Options\fR& options = \fBACE_Synch_Options::defaults\fR)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrequest_reply\fR (\fBACE_Name_Request\fR &request)"
.br
.RI "\fIPerform the request and wait for the reply.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsend_request\fR (\fBACE_Name_Request\fR &request)"
.br
.RI "\fIPerform the request.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrecv_reply\fR (\fBACE_Name_Request\fR &reply)"
.br
.RI "\fIReceive the reply.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual ACE_HANDLE \fBget_handle\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIObtain underlying handle.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Name_Proxy\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIClose down the connection to the server.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of the object;.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_SOCK_Connector\fR \fBconnector_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBACE_Connector\fR factory used to establish connections actively.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_SOCK_Stream\fR \fBpeer_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIConnection to ACE_Name Server peer.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Reactor\fR* \fBreactor_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to \fBACE_Reactor\fR (used if we are run in "reactive-mode").\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Proxy for dealing with remote server process managing NET_LOCAL NameBindings.
.PP
.PP
 Shields applications from details of interacting with the ACE_Name Server. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Name_Proxy::ACE_Name_Proxy (void)
.PP
Default constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Name_Proxy::ACE_Name_Proxy (const \fBACE_INET_Addr\fR & remote_addr, \fBACE_Synch_Options\fR & options = \fBACE_Synch_Options::defaults\fR)
.PP
.SS ACE_Name_Proxy::~ACE_Name_Proxy (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Close down the connection to the server.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_Name_Proxy::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of the object;.
.PP
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_Name_Proxy::get_handle (void) const\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Obtain underlying handle.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR.
.SS int ACE_Name_Proxy::open (const \fBACE_INET_Addr\fR & remote_addr, \fBACE_Synch_Options\fR & options = \fBACE_Synch_Options::defaults\fR)
.PP
.SS int ACE_Name_Proxy::recv_reply (\fBACE_Name_Request\fR & reply)
.PP
Receive the reply.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Name_Proxy::request_reply (\fBACE_Name_Request\fR & request)
.PP
Perform the request and wait for the reply.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Name_Proxy::send_request (\fBACE_Name_Request\fR & request)
.PP
Perform the request.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_SOCK_Connector\fR ACE_Name_Proxy::connector_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
\fBACE_Connector\fR factory used to establish connections actively.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_SOCK_Stream\fR ACE_Name_Proxy::peer_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Connection to ACE_Name Server peer.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Reactor\fR * ACE_Name_Proxy::reactor_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Pointer to \fBACE_Reactor\fR (used if we are run in "reactive-mode").
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.