.TH ACE_TSS_Adapter 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_TSS_Adapter \- This class encapsulates a TSS object and its associated C++ destructor function. It is used by the \fBACE_TSS\fR... methods (in Synch_T.cpp) in order to allow an extern "C" cleanup routine to be used. Needed by the "frigging" MVS C++ compiler. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Synch.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_TSS_Adapter\fR (void *object, \fBACE_THR_DEST\fR f)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialize the adapter.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_TSS_Adapter\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault dtor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcleanup\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIPerform the cleanup operation.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void* \fBts_obj_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe real TS object.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_THR_DEST\fR \fBfunc_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe real cleanup routine for ts_obj;.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This class encapsulates a TSS object and its associated C++ destructor function. It is used by the \fBACE_TSS\fR... methods (in Synch_T.cpp) in order to allow an extern "C" cleanup routine to be used. Needed by the "frigging" MVS C++ compiler.
.PP
.PP
 Objects of this class are stored in thread specific storage. ts_obj_ points to the "real" object and func_ is a pointer to the C++ cleanup function for ts_obj_. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_TSS_Adapter::ACE_TSS_Adapter (void * object, \fBACE_THR_DEST\fR f)
.PP
Initialize the adapter.
.PP
.SS ACE_TSS_Adapter::~ACE_TSS_Adapter (void)
.PP
Default dtor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_TSS_Adapter::cleanup (void)
.PP
Perform the cleanup operation.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_THR_DEST\fR ACE_TSS_Adapter::func_
.PP
The real cleanup routine for ts_obj;.
.PP
.SS void * ACE_TSS_Adapter::ts_obj_
.PP
The real TS object.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.