.TH ACE_Name_Request 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Name_Request \- Message format for delivering requests to the ACE_Name Server. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Name_Request_Reply.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBConstants\fR { \fBBIND\fR = 01, \fBREBIND\fR = 02, \fBRESOLVE\fR = 03, \fBUNBIND\fR = 04, \fBLIST_NAMES\fR = 05, \fBLIST_VALUES\fR = 015, \fBLIST_TYPES\fR = 025, \fBLIST_NAME_ENTRIES\fR = 06, \fBLIST_VALUE_ENTRIES\fR = 016, \fBLIST_TYPE_ENTRIES\fR = 026, \fBMAX_ENUM\fR = 11, \fBMAX_LIST\fR = 3, \fBOP_TABLE_MASK\fR = 07, \fBLIST_OP_MASK\fR = 030, \fBMAX_NAME_LENGTH\fR = MAXPATHLEN + 1 }"
.br
.RI "\fIRequest message types.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Name_Request\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Name_Request\fR (ACE_INT32 msg_type, const \fBACE_USHORT16\fR name[], const size_t name_length, const \fBACE_USHORT16\fR value[], const size_t value_length, const char type[], const size_t type_length, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a  message.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinit\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialize length_ in order to ensure correct byte ordering before a request is sent.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_UINT32 \fBlength\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBlength\fR (ACE_UINT32)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_INT32 \fBmsg_type\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBmsg_type\fR (ACE_INT32)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_UINT32 \fBblock_forever\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBblock_forever\fR (ACE_UINT32)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Time_Value\fR \fBtimeout\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBtimeout\fR (const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR timeout)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBACE_USHORT16\fR* \fBname\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBname\fR (const \fBACE_USHORT16\fR *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBACE_USHORT16\fR* \fBvalue\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBvalue\fR (const \fBACE_USHORT16\fR *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const char* \fBtype\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBtype\fR (const char *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_UINT32 \fBname_len\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBname_len\fR (ACE_UINT32)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_UINT32 \fBvalue_len\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBvalue_len\fR (ACE_UINT32)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_UINT32 \fBtype_len\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBtype_len\fR (ACE_UINT32)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBencode\fR (void *&)"
.br
.RI "\fIEncode the message before transmission.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdecode\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDecode message after reception.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIPrint out the values of the message for debugging purposes.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTransfer\fR \fBtransfer_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBTransfer\fR buffer.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_USHORT16\fR* \fBname_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to the beginning of the name in this->data_.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_USHORT16\fR* \fBvalue_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to the beginning of the value in this->data_;.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "char* \fBtype_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to the beginning of the type in this->data_;.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Message format for delivering requests to the ACE_Name Server.
.PP
.PP
 This class is implemented to minimize data copying. In particular, all marshaling is done in situ... 
.PP
.SH MEMBER ENUMERATION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS enum ACE_Name_Request::Constants
.PP
Request message types.
.PP
\fBEnumeration values:\fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIBIND\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fIREBIND\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fIRESOLVE\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fIUNBIND\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fILIST_NAMES\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fILIST_VALUES\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fILIST_TYPES\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fILIST_NAME_ENTRIES\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fILIST_VALUE_ENTRIES\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fILIST_TYPE_ENTRIES\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fIMAX_ENUM\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fIMAX_LIST\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fIOP_TABLE_MASK\fR \fRMask for lookup of operation.
.TP
\fB\fILIST_OP_MASK\fR \fRMask for lookup of list_operation.
.TP
\fB\fIMAX_NAME_LENGTH\fR \fRClass-specific constant values.
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Name_Request::ACE_Name_Request (void)
.PP
Default constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Name_Request::ACE_Name_Request (ACE_INT32 msg_type, const \fBACE_USHORT16\fR name[], const size_t name_length, const \fBACE_USHORT16\fR value[], const size_t value_length, const char type[], const size_t type_length, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0)
.PP
Create a  message.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_Name_Request::block_forever (ACE_UINT32)
.PP
.SS ACE_UINT32 ACE_Name_Request::block_forever (void) const
.PP
.SS int ACE_Name_Request::decode (void)
.PP
Decode message after reception.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Name_Request::dump (void) const
.PP
Print out the values of the message for debugging purposes.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Name_Request::encode (void *&)
.PP
Encode the message before transmission.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Name_Request::init (void)
.PP
Initialize length_ in order to ensure correct byte ordering before a request is sent.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Name_Request::length (ACE_UINT32)
.PP
.SS ACE_UINT32 ACE_Name_Request::length (void) const
.PP
.SS void ACE_Name_Request::msg_type (ACE_INT32)
.PP
.SS ACE_INT32 ACE_Name_Request::msg_type (void) const
.PP
.SS void ACE_Name_Request::name (const \fBACE_USHORT16\fR *)
.PP
.SS const \fBACE_USHORT16\fR* ACE_Name_Request::name (void) const
.PP
.SS void ACE_Name_Request::name_len (ACE_UINT32)
.PP
.SS ACE_UINT32 ACE_Name_Request::name_len (void) const
.PP
.SS void ACE_Name_Request::timeout (const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR timeout)
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Time_Value\fR ACE_Name_Request::timeout (void) const
.PP
.SS void ACE_Name_Request::type (const char *)
.PP
.SS const char* ACE_Name_Request::type (void) const
.PP
.SS void ACE_Name_Request::type_len (ACE_UINT32)
.PP
.SS ACE_UINT32 ACE_Name_Request::type_len (void) const
.PP
.SS void ACE_Name_Request::value (const \fBACE_USHORT16\fR *)
.PP
.SS const \fBACE_USHORT16\fR* ACE_Name_Request::value (void) const
.PP
.SS void ACE_Name_Request::value_len (ACE_UINT32)
.PP
.SS ACE_UINT32 ACE_Name_Request::value_len (void) const
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_USHORT16\fR * ACE_Name_Request::name_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Pointer to the beginning of the name in this->data_.
.PP
.SS \fBTransfer\fR ACE_Name_Request::transfer_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
\fBTransfer\fR buffer.
.PP
.SS char * ACE_Name_Request::type_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Pointer to the beginning of the type in this->data_;.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_USHORT16\fR * ACE_Name_Request::value_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Pointer to the beginning of the value in this->data_;.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.