.TH ACE_Stream_Tail 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Stream_Tail \- Standard module that acts as the head of a ustream. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Stream_Modules.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Task< ACE_SYNCH_USE >\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Stream_Tail\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstruction.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Stream_Tail\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestruction.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBopen\fR (void *a = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIHook called to open a Task.  can be used to pass arbitrary information into <open>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBclose\fR (u_long flags = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBput\fR (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR *msg, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fITransfer msg into the queue to handle immediate processing.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBsvc\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIRun by a daemon thread to handle deferred processing.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBinit\fR (int argc, \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *argv[])"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes object when dynamic linking occurs.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBinfo\fR (\fBACE_TCHAR\fR **info_string, size_t length) \fBconst\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns information on a service object.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBfini\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fITerminates object when dynamic unlinking occurs.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) \fBconst\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcontrol\fR (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR *)"
.br
.RI "\fIPerforms canonical flushing at the \fBACE_Stream\fR tail.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcanonical_flush\fR (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR *)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL>  template class ACE_Stream_Tail
Standard module that acts as the head of a ustream.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> ACE_Stream_Tail<>::ACE_Stream_Tail<> (void)
.PP
Construction.
.PP
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> ACE_Stream_Tail<>::~ACE_Stream_Tail<> (void)
.PP
Destruction.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> int ACE_Stream_Tail<>::canonical_flush (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR *)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> virtual int ACE_Stream_Tail<>::close (u_long flags = 0)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Hook called from  when during thread exit and from the default implemenation of <module_closed>. In general, this method shouldn't be called directly by an application, particularly if the <Task> is running as an Active Object. Instead, a special message should be passed into the <Task> via the <put> method defined below, and the <svc> method should interpret this as a flag to shut down the <Task>. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Task_Base\fR.
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> int ACE_Stream_Tail<>::control (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR *)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Performs canonical flushing at the \fBACE_Stream\fR tail.
.PP
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> void ACE_Stream_Tail<>::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Task\fR.
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> virtual int ACE_Stream_Tail<>::fini (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Terminates object when dynamic unlinking occurs.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Shared_Object\fR.
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> virtual int ACE_Stream_Tail<>::info (\fBACE_TCHAR\fR ** info_string, size_t length) const\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Returns information on a service object.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Shared_Object\fR.
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> virtual int ACE_Stream_Tail<>::init (int argc, \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * argv[])\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Initializes object when dynamic linking occurs.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Shared_Object\fR.
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> virtual int ACE_Stream_Tail<>::open (void * a = 0)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Hook called to open a Task.  can be used to pass arbitrary information into <open>.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Task_Base\fR.
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> virtual int ACE_Stream_Tail<>::put (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR * msg, \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Transfer msg into the queue to handle immediate processing.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Task_Base\fR.
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> virtual int ACE_Stream_Tail<>::svc (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Run by a daemon thread to handle deferred processing.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Task_Base\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<ACE_SYNCH_DECL> ACE_Stream_Tail<>::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Task\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.