.TH ACE_Lock 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Lock \- This is the abstract base class that contains the uniform locking API that is supported by all the \fBACE\fR synchronization mechanisms. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Synch.h>\fR
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_Adaptive_Lock\fR, \fBACE_Lock_Adapter\fR, and \fBACE_Reverse_Lock\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Lock\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fICE needs a default ctor here.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Lock\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fINoop virtual destructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBremove\fR (void) = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBacquire\fR (void) = 0"
.br
.RI "\fIBlock the thread until the lock is acquired. Returns -1 on failure.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBtryacquire\fR (void) = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBrelease\fR (void) = 0"
.br
.RI "\fIRelease the lock. Returns -1 on failure.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBacquire_read\fR (void) = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBacquire_write\fR (void) = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBtryacquire_read\fR (void) = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBtryacquire_write\fR (void) = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBtryacquire_write_upgrade\fR (void) = 0"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This is the abstract base class that contains the uniform locking API that is supported by all the \fBACE\fR synchronization mechanisms.
.PP
.PP
 This class is typically used in conjunction with the  in order to provide a polymorphic interface to the \fBACE\fR synchronization mechanisms (e.g., , , , etc). Note that the reason that all of \fBACE\fR doesn't use polymorphic locks is that (1) they add ~20% extra overhead for virtual function calls and (2) objects with virtual functions can't be placed into shared memory. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Lock::ACE_Lock (void)
.PP
CE needs a default ctor here.
.PP
.SS ACE_Lock::~ACE_Lock (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Noop virtual destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Lock::acquire (void)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
Block the thread until the lock is acquired. Returns -1 on failure.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Adaptive_Lock\fR, \fBACE_Lock_Adapter\fR, and \fBACE_Reverse_Lock\fR.
.SS int ACE_Lock::acquire_read (void)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
Block until the thread acquires a read lock. If the locking mechanism doesn't support read locks then this just calls . Returns -1 on failure. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Adaptive_Lock\fR, \fBACE_Lock_Adapter\fR, and \fBACE_Reverse_Lock\fR.
.SS int ACE_Lock::acquire_write (void)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
Block until the thread acquires a write lock. If the locking mechanism doesn't support read locks then this just calls . Returns -1 on failure. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Adaptive_Lock\fR, \fBACE_Lock_Adapter\fR, and \fBACE_Reverse_Lock\fR.
.SS int ACE_Lock::release (void)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
Release the lock. Returns -1 on failure.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Adaptive_Lock\fR, \fBACE_Lock_Adapter\fR, and \fBACE_Reverse_Lock\fR.
.SS int ACE_Lock::remove (void)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
Explicitly destroy the lock. Note that only one thread should call this method since it doesn't protect against race conditions. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Adaptive_Lock\fR, \fBACE_Lock_Adapter\fR, and \fBACE_Reverse_Lock\fR.
.SS int ACE_Lock::tryacquire (void)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
Conditionally acquire the lock (i.e., won't block). Returns -1 on failure. If we "failed" because someone else already had the lock, <errno> is set to <EBUSY>. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Adaptive_Lock\fR, \fBACE_Lock_Adapter\fR, and \fBACE_Reverse_Lock\fR.
.SS int ACE_Lock::tryacquire_read (void)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
Conditionally acquire a read lock. If the locking mechanism doesn't support read locks then this just calls . Returns -1 on failure. If we "failed" because someone else already had the lock, <errno> is set to <EBUSY>. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Adaptive_Lock\fR, \fBACE_Lock_Adapter\fR, and \fBACE_Reverse_Lock\fR.
.SS int ACE_Lock::tryacquire_write (void)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
Conditionally acquire a write lock. If the locking mechanism doesn't support read locks then this just calls . Returns -1 on failure. If we "failed" because someone else already had the lock, <errno> is set to <EBUSY>. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Adaptive_Lock\fR, \fBACE_Lock_Adapter\fR, and \fBACE_Reverse_Lock\fR.
.SS int ACE_Lock::tryacquire_write_upgrade (void)\fC [pure virtual]\fR
.PP
Conditionally try to upgrade a lock held for read to a write lock. If the locking mechanism doesn't support read locks then this just calls . Returns 0 on success, -1 on failure. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Adaptive_Lock\fR, \fBACE_Lock_Adapter\fR, and \fBACE_Reverse_Lock\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.