.TH ACE_TP_Token_Guard 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_TP_Token_Guard \- A helper class that helps grabbing, releasing and waiting on tokens for a thread that tries calling handle_events (). 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <TP_Reactor.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_TP_Token_Guard\fR (\fBACE_Select_Reactor_Token\fR &token)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor that will grab the token for us.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_TP_Token_Guard\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor. This will release the token if it hasnt been released till this point.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBrelease_token\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIRelease the token ..\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBis_owner\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns whether the thread that created this object ownes the token or not.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgrab_token\fR (\fBACE_Time_Value\fR *max_wait_time)"
.br
.RI "\fIA helper method that grabs the token for us, after which the thread that owns that can do some actual work.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_TP_Token_Guard\fR (void)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Select_Reactor_Token\fR& \fBtoken_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe Select Reactor token.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBowner_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIFlag that indicate whether the thread that created this object owns the token or not. A value of 0 indicates that this class hasnt got the token (and hence the thread) and a value of 1 vice-versa.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
A helper class that helps grabbing, releasing and waiting on tokens for a thread that tries calling handle_events ().
.PP
.PP
 In short, this class will be owned by one thread by creating on the stack. This class gives the status of the ownership of the token and manages the ownership 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_TP_Token_Guard::ACE_TP_Token_Guard (\fBACE_Select_Reactor_Token\fR & token)
.PP
Constructor that will grab the token for us.
.PP
.SS ACE_TP_Token_Guard::~ACE_TP_Token_Guard (void)
.PP
Destructor. This will release the token if it hasnt been released till this point.
.PP
.SS ACE_TP_Token_Guard::ACE_TP_Token_Guard (void)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_TP_Token_Guard::grab_token (\fBACE_Time_Value\fR * max_wait_time)
.PP
A helper method that grabs the token for us, after which the thread that owns that can do some actual work.
.PP
.SS int ACE_TP_Token_Guard::is_owner (void)
.PP
Returns whether the thread that created this object ownes the token or not.
.PP
.SS void ACE_TP_Token_Guard::release_token (void)
.PP
Release the token ..
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_TP_Token_Guard::owner_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Flag that indicate whether the thread that created this object owns the token or not. A value of 0 indicates that this class hasnt got the token (and hence the thread) and a value of 1 vice-versa.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Select_Reactor_Token\fR & ACE_TP_Token_Guard::token_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
The Select Reactor token.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.