.TH ACE_Handler 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Handler \- This base class defines the interface for receiving the results of asynchronous operations. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Asynch_IO.h>\fR
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_Asynch_Acceptor\fR, and \fBACE_Service_Handler\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Handler\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIA do nothing constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Handler\fR (\fBACE_Proactor\fR *p)"
.br
.RI "\fIA do nothing constructor which allows proactor to be set to 
.PP
.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Handler\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIVirtual destruction.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBhandle_read_stream\fR (const \fBACE_Asynch_Read_Stream::Result\fR &result)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis method will be called when an asynchronous read completes on a stream.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBhandle_write_dgram\fR (const \fBACE_Asynch_Write_Dgram::Result\fR &result)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis method will be called when an asynchronous write completes on a UDP socket.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBhandle_read_dgram\fR (const \fBACE_Asynch_Read_Dgram::Result\fR &result)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis method will be called when an asynchronous read completes on a UDP socket.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBhandle_write_stream\fR (const \fBACE_Asynch_Write_Stream::Result\fR &result)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis method will be called when an asynchronous write completes on a stream.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBhandle_read_file\fR (const \fBACE_Asynch_Read_File::Result\fR &result)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis method will be called when an asynchronous read completes on a file.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBhandle_write_file\fR (const \fBACE_Asynch_Write_File::Result\fR &result)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis method will be called when an asynchronous write completes on a file.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBhandle_accept\fR (const \fBACE_Asynch_Accept::Result\fR &result)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis method will be called when an asynchronous accept completes.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBhandle_transmit_file\fR (const \fBACE_Asynch_Transmit_File::Result\fR &result)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis method will be called when an asynchronous transmit file completes.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBhandle_time_out\fR (const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR &tv, const void *act = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fICalled when timer expires. <tv> was the requested time value and  is the ACT passed when scheduling the timer.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBhandle_wakeup\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Proactor\fR* \fBproactor\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the proactor associated with this handler.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBproactor\fR (\fBACE_Proactor\fR *p)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the proactor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual ACE_HANDLE \fBhandle\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBhandle\fR (ACE_HANDLE)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the ACE_HANDLE value for this Handler.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Proactor\fR* \fBproactor_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe proactor associated with this handler.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBhandle_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe ACE_HANDLE in use with this handler.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This base class defines the interface for receiving the results of asynchronous operations.
.PP
.PP
 Subclasses of this class will fill in appropriate methods. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Handler::ACE_Handler (void)
.PP
A do nothing constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Handler::ACE_Handler (\fBACE_Proactor\fR * p)
.PP
A do nothing constructor which allows proactor to be set to 
.PP
.
.PP
.SS ACE_Handler::~ACE_Handler (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Virtual destruction.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_Handler::handle (ACE_HANDLE h)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Set the ACE_HANDLE value for this Handler.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Asynch_Acceptor\fR.
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_Handler::handle (void) const\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Get the I/O handle used by this <handler>. This method will be called by the ACE_Asynch_* classes when an ACE_INVALID_HANDLE is passed to <open>. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Asynch_Acceptor\fR.
.SS void ACE_Handler::handle_accept (const \fBACE_Asynch_Accept::Result\fR & result)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
This method will be called when an asynchronous accept completes.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_Asynch_Acceptor\fR.
.SS void ACE_Handler::handle_read_dgram (const \fBACE_Asynch_Read_Dgram::Result\fR & result)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
This method will be called when an asynchronous read completes on a UDP socket.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Handler::handle_read_file (const \fBACE_Asynch_Read_File::Result\fR & result)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
This method will be called when an asynchronous read completes on a file.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Handler::handle_read_stream (const \fBACE_Asynch_Read_Stream::Result\fR & result)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
This method will be called when an asynchronous read completes on a stream.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Handler::handle_time_out (const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR & tv, const void * act = 0)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Called when timer expires. <tv> was the requested time value and  is the ACT passed when scheduling the timer.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Handler::handle_transmit_file (const \fBACE_Asynch_Transmit_File::Result\fR & result)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
This method will be called when an asynchronous transmit file completes.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Handler::handle_wakeup (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
This is method works with the <run_event_loop> of the \fBACE_Proactor\fR. A special <Wake_Up_Completion> is used to wake up all the threads that are blocking for completions. 
.SS void ACE_Handler::handle_write_dgram (const \fBACE_Asynch_Write_Dgram::Result\fR & result)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
This method will be called when an asynchronous write completes on a UDP socket.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Handler::handle_write_file (const \fBACE_Asynch_Write_File::Result\fR & result)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
This method will be called when an asynchronous write completes on a file.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Handler::handle_write_stream (const \fBACE_Asynch_Write_Stream::Result\fR & result)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
This method will be called when an asynchronous write completes on a stream.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Handler::proactor (\fBACE_Proactor\fR * p)
.PP
Set the proactor.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Proactor\fR * ACE_Handler::proactor (void)
.PP
Get the proactor associated with this handler.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_Handler::handle_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
The ACE_HANDLE in use with this handler.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Proactor\fR * ACE_Handler::proactor_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
The proactor associated with this handler.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.