.TH ACE_LSOCK_CODgram 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_LSOCK_CODgram \- Defines the member functions for the  connected datagram abstraction. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <LSOCK_CODgram.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_SOCK_CODgram\fR, and \fBACE_LSOCK\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_LSOCK_CODgram\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_LSOCK_CODgram\fR (const \fBACE_Addr\fR &remote_sap, const \fBACE_Addr\fR &local_sap = \fBACE_Addr::sap_any\fR, int protocol_family = PF_UNIX, int protocol = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitiate a connected-datagram.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopen\fR (const \fBACE_Addr\fR &remote_sap, const \fBACE_Addr\fR &local_sap = \fBACE_Addr::sap_any\fR, int protocol_family = PF_UNIX, int protocol = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitiate a connected-datagram.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBget_handle\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet underlying handle.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_handle\fR (ACE_HANDLE)"
.br
.RI "\fISet underlying handle.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Defines the member functions for the  connected datagram abstraction.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_LSOCK_CODgram::ACE_LSOCK_CODgram (void)
.PP
Default constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_LSOCK_CODgram::ACE_LSOCK_CODgram (const \fBACE_Addr\fR & remote_sap, const \fBACE_Addr\fR & local_sap = \fBACE_Addr::sap_any\fR, int protocol_family = PF_UNIX, int protocol = 0)
.PP
Initiate a connected-datagram.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_LSOCK_CODgram::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_LSOCK\fR.
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_LSOCK_CODgram::get_handle (void) const
.PP
Get underlying handle.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_LSOCK\fR.
.SS int ACE_LSOCK_CODgram::open (const \fBACE_Addr\fR & remote_sap, const \fBACE_Addr\fR & local_sap = \fBACE_Addr::sap_any\fR, int protocol_family = PF_UNIX, int protocol = 0)
.PP
Initiate a connected-datagram.
.PP
.SS void ACE_LSOCK_CODgram::set_handle (ACE_HANDLE handle)
.PP
Set underlying handle.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_LSOCK\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_LSOCK_CODgram::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_LSOCK\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.