.TH ACE_Log_Record 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Log_Record \- Defines the structure of an \fBACE\fR logging record. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Log_Record.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum { \fBMAXLOGMSGLEN\fR = ACE_MAXLOGMSGLEN, \fBALIGN_WORDB\fR = 8, \fBVERBOSE_LEN\fR = 128, \fBMAXVERBOSELOGMSGLEN\fR = VERBOSE_LEN + MAXLOGMSGLEN }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Log_Record\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Log_Record\fR (\fBACE_Log_Priority\fR lp, long time_stamp, long pid)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Log_Record\fR (\fBACE_Log_Priority\fR lp, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR &time_stamp, long pid)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Log_Record\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault dtor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBprint\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR host_name[], u_long verbose_flag, FILE *fp = stderr)"
.br
.RI "\fIWrite the contents of the logging record to the appropriate <FILE>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBprint\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR host_name[], u_long verbose_flag, ostream &stream)"
.br
.RI "\fIWrite the contents of the logging record to the appropriate <ostream>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBformat_msg\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR host_name[], u_long verbose_flag, \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *verbose_msg)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBencode\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIEncode the <Log_Record> for transmission on the network.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdecode\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDecode the <Log_Record> received from the network.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBtype\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the type of the <Log_Record>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBtype\fR (long)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the type of the <Log_Record>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBpriority\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBpriority\fR (u_long num)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the priority of the <Log_Record> <type_> (which must be a power of 2, as defined by the enums in ).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBlength\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the length of the <Log_Record>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBlength\fR (long)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the length of the <Log_Record>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Time_Value\fR \fBtime_stamp\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the time stamp of the <Log_Record>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBtime_stamp\fR (const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR &)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the time stamp of the <Log_Record>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBpid\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the process id of the <Log_Record>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBpid\fR (long)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the process id of the <Log_Record>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR* \fBmsg_data\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the message data of the <Log_Record>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBmsg_data\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *data)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the message data of the <Log_Record>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBmsg_data_len\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the size of the message data of the <Log_Record>, including a byte for the NUL.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR* \fBpriority_name\fR (\fBACE_Log_Priority\fR p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBpriority_name\fR (\fBACE_Log_Priority\fR p, const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *name)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBround_up\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIRound up to the alignment restrictions.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_INT32 \fBlength_\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_UINT32 \fBtype_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIType of logging record.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_UINT32 \fBsecs_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fITime that the logging record was generated.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_UINT32 \fBusecs_\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_UINT32 \fBpid_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIId of process that generated the logging record.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_TCHAR\fR \fBmsg_data_\fR [MAXLOGMSGLEN + 1]"
.br
.RI "\fILogging record data.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR* \fBpriority_names_\fR []"
.br
.RI "\fISymbolic names for the  enums.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Defines the structure of an \fBACE\fR logging record.
.PP
.SH MEMBER ENUMERATION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS anonymous enum
.PP
\fBEnumeration values:\fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIMAXLOGMSGLEN\fR \fRMaximum size of a logging message.
.TP
\fB\fIALIGN_WORDB\fR \fRMost restrictive alignment.
.TP
\fB\fIVERBOSE_LEN\fR \fRSize used by verbose mode. 20 (date) + 15 (host_name) + 10 (pid) + 10 (type) + 4 (@) ... + ? (progname).
.TP
\fB\fIMAXVERBOSELOGMSGLEN\fR \fRMaximum size of a logging message with the verbose headers.
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Log_Record::ACE_Log_Record (void)
.PP
Create a <Log_Record> and set its priority, time stamp, and process id. Create a <Log_Record> and set its priority, time stamp, and process id. 
.SS ACE_Log_Record::ACE_Log_Record (\fBACE_Log_Priority\fR lp, long time_stamp, long pid)
.PP
.SS ACE_Log_Record::ACE_Log_Record (\fBACE_Log_Priority\fR lp, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR & time_stamp, long pid)
.PP
.SS ACE_Log_Record::~ACE_Log_Record (void)
.PP
Default dtor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_Log_Record::decode (void)
.PP
Decode the <Log_Record> received from the network.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Log_Record::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Log_Record::encode (void)
.PP
Encode the <Log_Record> for transmission on the network.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Log_Record::format_msg (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR host_name[], u_long verbose_flag, \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * verbose_msg)
.PP
.SS void ACE_Log_Record::length (long)
.PP
Set the length of the <Log_Record>.
.PP
.SS long ACE_Log_Record::length (void) const
.PP
Get the length of the <Log_Record>.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Log_Record::msg_data (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * data)
.PP
Set the message data of the <Log_Record>.
.PP
.SS const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * ACE_Log_Record::msg_data (void) const
.PP
Get the message data of the <Log_Record>.
.PP
.SS size_t ACE_Log_Record::msg_data_len (void) const
.PP
Get the size of the message data of the <Log_Record>, including a byte for the NUL.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Log_Record::pid (long)
.PP
Set the process id of the <Log_Record>.
.PP
.SS long ACE_Log_Record::pid (void) const
.PP
Get the process id of the <Log_Record>.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Log_Record::print (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR host_name[], u_long verbose_flag, ostream & stream)
.PP
Write the contents of the logging record to the appropriate <ostream>.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Log_Record::print (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR host_name[], u_long verbose_flag, FILE * fp = stderr)
.PP
Write the contents of the logging record to the appropriate <FILE>.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Log_Record::priority (u_long num)
.PP
Set the priority of the <Log_Record> <type_> (which must be a power of 2, as defined by the enums in ).
.PP
.SS u_long ACE_Log_Record::priority (void) const
.PP
Get the priority of the <Log_Record> <type_>. This is computed as the base 2 logarithm of <type_> (which must be a power of 2, as defined by the enums in ). 
.SS void ACE_Log_Record::priority_name (\fBACE_Log_Priority\fR p, const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * name)\fC [static]\fR
.PP
.SS const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * ACE_Log_Record::priority_name (\fBACE_Log_Priority\fR p)\fC [static]\fR
.PP
Returns a character array with the string form of the  parameter. This is used for the verbose printing format. 
.SS void ACE_Log_Record::round_up (void)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Round up to the alignment restrictions.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Log_Record::time_stamp (const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR &)
.PP
Set the time stamp of the <Log_Record>.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Time_Value\fR ACE_Log_Record::time_stamp (void) const
.PP
Get the time stamp of the <Log_Record>.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Log_Record::type (long)
.PP
Set the type of the <Log_Record>.
.PP
.SS long ACE_Log_Record::type (void) const
.PP
Get the type of the <Log_Record>.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Log_Record::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
.SS ACE_INT32 ACE_Log_Record::length_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Total length of the logging record in bytes. This field *must* come first in order for various IPC framing mechanisms to work correctly. In addition, the field must be an ACE_INT32 in order to be passed portably across platforms. 
.SS \fBACE_TCHAR\fR ACE_Log_Record::msg_data_[MAXLOGMSGLEN+1]\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Logging record data.
.PP
.SS ACE_UINT32 ACE_Log_Record::pid_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Id of process that generated the logging record.
.PP
.SS const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * ACE_Log_Record::priority_names_[]\fC [static, private]\fR
.PP
Symbolic names for the  enums.
.PP
.SS ACE_UINT32 ACE_Log_Record::secs_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Time that the logging record was generated.
.PP
.SS ACE_UINT32 ACE_Log_Record::type_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Type of logging record.
.PP
.SS ACE_UINT32 ACE_Log_Record::usecs_\fC [private]\fR
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.