.TH ACE_SV_Message 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_SV_Message \- Defines the header file for the C++ wrapper for message queues. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <SV_Message.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_SV_Message\fR (long type = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_SV_Message\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBtype\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBtype\fR (long)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBtype_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIType of the message.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Defines the header file for the C++ wrapper for message queues.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_SV_Message::ACE_SV_Message (long type = 0)
.PP
.SS ACE_SV_Message::~ACE_SV_Message (void)
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_SV_Message::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS void ACE_SV_Message::type (long)
.PP
.SS long ACE_SV_Message::type (void) const
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_SV_Message::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
.SS long ACE_SV_Message::type_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Type of the message.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.