.TH ACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Write_Dgram 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Write_Dgram \- This class is a factory for starting off asynchronous writes on a UDP socket. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <POSIX_Asynch_IO.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Impl\fR, and \fBACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Operation\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Write_Dgram\fR (\fBACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Proactor\fR *posix_aiocb_proactor)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Write_Dgram\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBssize_t\fR \fBsend\fR (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR *message_block, size_t &number_of_bytes_sent, int flags, const \fBACE_Addr\fR &addr, const void *act, int priority, int signal_number)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopen\fR (\fBACE_Handler\fR &handler, ACE_HANDLE handle, const void *completion_key, \fBACE_Proactor\fR *proactor)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcancel\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Proactor\fR* \fBproactor\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the underlying proactor.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Write_Dgram\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDo-nothing constructor.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This class is a factory for starting off asynchronous writes on a UDP socket.
.PP
.PP
 Once <open> is called, multiple asynchronous <writes>s can started using this class. A \fBACE_Asynch_Write_Stream::Result\fR will be passed back to the <handler> when the asynchronous write completes through the  callback. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Write_Dgram::ACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Write_Dgram (\fBACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Proactor\fR * posix_aiocb_proactor)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SS virtual ACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Write_Dgram::~ACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Write_Dgram (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
.SS ACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Write_Dgram::ACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Write_Dgram (void)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Do-nothing constructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Write_Dgram::cancel (void)
.PP
This cancels all pending accepts operations that were issued by the calling thread. The function does not cancel asynchronous operations issued by other threads. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Operation\fR.
.SS int ACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Write_Dgram::open (\fBACE_Handler\fR & handler, ACE_HANDLE handle, const void * completion_key, \fBACE_Proactor\fR * proactor)
.PP
Initializes the factory with information which will be used with each asynchronous call. If (<handle> == ACE_INVALID_HANDLE),  will be called on the <handler> to get the correct handle. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Operation\fR.
.SS \fBACE_Proactor\fR * ACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Write_Dgram::proactor (void) const
.PP
Return the underlying proactor.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Operation\fR.
.SS \fBssize_t\fR ACE_POSIX_AIOCB_Asynch_Write_Dgram::send (\fBACE_Message_Block\fR * message_block, size_t & number_of_bytes_sent, int flags, const \fBACE_Addr\fR & addr, const void * act, int priority, int signal_number)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
This starts off an asynchronous send. Upto <message_block->total_length()> will be sent. <message_block>'s  <rd_ptr> will be updated to reflect the sent bytes if the send operation is successful completed. Return code of 1 means immediate success and number_of_bytes_sent is updated to number of bytes sent. The  method will still be called. Return code of 0 means the IO will complete proactively. Return code of -1 means there was an error, use errno to get the error code.
.PP
Priority of the operation is specified by <priority>. On POSIX4-Unix, this is supported. Works like <nice> in Unix. Negative values are not allowed. 0 means priority of the operation same as the process priority. 1 means priority of the operation is one less than process. And so forth. <signal_number> is a no-op on non-POSIX4 systems. 

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.