.TH ACE_Thread_Exit 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Thread_Exit \- Keep exit information for a Thread in thread specific storage. so that the thread-specific exit hooks will get called no matter how the thread exits (e.g., via , C++ or Win32 exception, "falling off the end" of the thread entry point function, etc.). 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Thread_Exit.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Thread_Exit\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fICapture the Thread that will be cleaned up automatically.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBthr_mgr\fR (\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR *tm)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the .\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Thread_Exit\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor calls the thread-specific exit hooks when a thread exits.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Thread_Exit* \fBinstance\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fISingleton access point.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcleanup\fR (void *instance, void *)"
.br
.RI "\fICleanup method, used by the  to destroy the singleton.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Thread_Control\fR \fBthread_control_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIAutomatically add/remove the thread from the .\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "u_int \fBis_constructed_\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_OS_Object_Manager\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Keep exit information for a Thread in thread specific storage. so that the thread-specific exit hooks will get called no matter how the thread exits (e.g., via , C++ or Win32 exception, "falling off the end" of the thread entry point function, etc.).
.PP
.PP
 This clever little helper class is stored in thread-specific storage using the  wrapper. When a thread exits the  function deletes this object, thereby closing it down gracefully. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Thread_Exit::ACE_Thread_Exit (void)
.PP
Capture the Thread that will be cleaned up automatically.
.PP
.SS ACE_Thread_Exit::~ACE_Thread_Exit (void)
.PP
Destructor calls the thread-specific exit hooks when a thread exits.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_Thread_Exit::cleanup (void * instance, void *)\fC [static]\fR
.PP
Cleanup method, used by the  to destroy the singleton.
.PP
.SS ACE_Thread_Exit * ACE_Thread_Exit::instance (void)\fC [static]\fR
.PP
Singleton access point.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Thread_Exit::thr_mgr (\fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR * tm)
.PP
Set the .
.PP
.SH FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS class ACE_OS_Object_Manager\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
Allow OS_Object_Manager to reset the status of <is_constructed_>.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS u_int ACE_Thread_Exit::is_constructed_\fC [static, private]\fR
.PP
Used to detect whether we should create a new instance (or not) within the instance method -- we don't trust the instance_ ptr because the destructor may have run (if \fBACE::fini\fR() was called). See bug #526. We don't follow the singleton pattern due to dependency issues. 
.SS \fBACE_Thread_Control\fR ACE_Thread_Exit::thread_control_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Automatically add/remove the thread from the .
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.