.TH ACE_At_Thread_Exit 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_At_Thread_Exit \- Contains a method to be applied when a thread is terminated. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Thread_Manager.h>\fR
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_At_Thread_Exit_Func\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_At_Thread_Exit\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_At_Thread_Exit\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBis_owner\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBis_owner\fR (int owner)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBwas_applied\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBwas_applied\fR (int applied)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdo_apply\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBapply\fR (void) = 0"
.br
.RI "\fIThe apply method.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_At_Thread_Exit* \fBnext_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe next  hook in the list.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Thread_Descriptor\fR* \fBtd_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe Thread_Descriptor where this at is registered.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBwas_applied_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe at was applied?\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBis_owner_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe at has the ownership of this?\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_Thread_Descriptor\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_Thread_Manager\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Contains a method to be applied when a thread is terminated.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_At_Thread_Exit::ACE_At_Thread_Exit (void)
.PP
.SS virtual ACE_At_Thread_Exit::~ACE_At_Thread_Exit (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_At_Thread_Exit::apply (void)\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fR
.PP
The apply method.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_At_Thread_Exit_Func\fR.
.SS void ACE_At_Thread_Exit::do_apply (void)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
.SS int ACE_At_Thread_Exit::is_owner (int owner)
.PP
.SS int ACE_At_Thread_Exit::is_owner (void) const
.PP
.SS int ACE_At_Thread_Exit::was_applied (int applied)
.PP
.SS int ACE_At_Thread_Exit::was_applied (void) const
.PP
.SH FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS class ACE_Thread_Descriptor\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
.SS class ACE_Thread_Manager\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_At_Thread_Exit::is_owner_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
The at has the ownership of this?
.PP
.SS ACE_At_Thread_Exit * ACE_At_Thread_Exit::next_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
The next  hook in the list.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Thread_Descriptor\fR * ACE_At_Thread_Exit::td_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
The Thread_Descriptor where this at is registered.
.PP
.SS int ACE_At_Thread_Exit::was_applied_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
The at was applied?
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.