.TH ACE_CORBA_Ref 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_CORBA_Ref \- A wrapper for helping with Orbix object references. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <CORBA_Ref.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_CORBA_Ref\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fINull construction.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_CORBA_Ref\fR (CORBA_REF *ref)"
.br
.RI "\fIContruction with an orbix ref. performs a <CORBA_REF::_duplicate>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "CORBA_REF* \fBoperator=\fR (CORBA_REF *ref)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssignment performs a <CORBA_REF::_duplicate>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoperator CORBA_REF *\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIType operator.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "CORBA_REF* \fBoperator->\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fISmart pointer to forward all CORBA_REF calls to the underlying Orbix reference.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator==\fR (CORBA_REF *) const"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer comparison.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator!=\fR (CORBA_REF *) const"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer comparison.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_CORBA_Ref\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestruction: calls <CORBA_REF::_release>.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "CORBA_REF* \fBref_\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class CORBA_REF>  template class ACE_CORBA_Ref
A wrapper for helping with Orbix object references.
.PP
.PP
  is parameterized by the type of orbix object reference to be used. The construtor, operator=, and the destructor of  perform implicit duplicates and releases in order to help make the use of Orbix object references transparent. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classCORBA_REF> ACE_CORBA_Ref<CORBA_REF>::ACE_CORBA_Ref<CORBA_REF> (void)
.PP
Null construction.
.PP
.SS template<classCORBA_REF> ACE_CORBA_Ref<CORBA_REF>::ACE_CORBA_Ref<CORBA_REF> (CORBA_REF * ref)
.PP
Contruction with an orbix ref. performs a <CORBA_REF::_duplicate>.
.PP
.SS template<classCORBA_REF> ACE_CORBA_Ref<CORBA_REF>::~ACE_CORBA_Ref<CORBA_REF> (void)
.PP
Destruction: calls <CORBA_REF::_release>.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classCORBA_REF> ACE_CORBA_Ref<CORBA_REF>::operator CORBA_REF * (void) const
.PP
Type operator.
.PP
.SS template<classCORBA_REF> int ACE_CORBA_Ref<CORBA_REF>::operator!= (CORBA_REF *) const
.PP
Pointer comparison.
.PP
.SS template<classCORBA_REF> CORBA_REF * ACE_CORBA_Ref<CORBA_REF>::operator-> (void) const
.PP
Smart pointer to forward all CORBA_REF calls to the underlying Orbix reference.
.PP
.SS template<classCORBA_REF> CORBA_REF * ACE_CORBA_Ref<CORBA_REF>::operator= (CORBA_REF * ref)
.PP
Assignment performs a <CORBA_REF::_duplicate>.
.PP
.SS template<classCORBA_REF> int ACE_CORBA_Ref<CORBA_REF>::operator== (CORBA_REF *) const
.PP
Pointer comparison.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classCORBA_REF> CORBA_REF * ACE_CORBA_Ref<CORBA_REF>::ref_\fC [private]\fR
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.