.TH ACE_OS_Log_Msg_Attributes 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_OS_Log_Msg_Attributes \- The attributes required by \fBACE_Log_Msg\fR. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <OS_Log_Msg_Attributes.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_OS_Log_Msg_Attributes\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_OSTREAM_TYPE* \fBostream_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIOstream where the new TSS Log_Msg will use.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long \fBpriority_mask_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPriority_mask to be used in new TSS Log_Msg.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtracing_enabled_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIAre we allowing tracing in this thread?\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrestart_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIIndicates whether we should restart system calls that are interrupted.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtrace_depth_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDepth of the nesting for printing traces.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_Log_Msg\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
The attributes required by \fBACE_Log_Msg\fR.
.PP
When a new thread is created the TSS resources for the Log_Msg class in the new thread may be inherited by the creator thread. The base_attributes are encapsulated in this class to simplify their manipulation and destruction.
.PP
The contents of the class must be made available to the OS layer, because they are part of the thread descriptor. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_OS_Log_Msg_Attributes::ACE_OS_Log_Msg_Attributes (void)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SH FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS class ACE_Log_Msg\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_OSTREAM_TYPE * ACE_OS_Log_Msg_Attributes::ostream_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Ostream where the new TSS Log_Msg will use.
.PP
.SS unsigned long ACE_OS_Log_Msg_Attributes::priority_mask_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Priority_mask to be used in new TSS Log_Msg.
.PP
.SS int ACE_OS_Log_Msg_Attributes::restart_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Indicates whether we should restart system calls that are interrupted.
.PP
.SS int ACE_OS_Log_Msg_Attributes::trace_depth_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Depth of the nesting for printing traces.
.PP
.SS int ACE_OS_Log_Msg_Attributes::tracing_enabled_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Are we allowing tracing in this thread?
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.