.TH ACE_Synch_Options 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Synch_Options \- Contains the values of options used to determine the synchronous and asynchronous behavior. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Synch_Options.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum { \fBUSE_REACTOR\fR = 01, \fBUSE_TIMEOUT\fR = 02 }"
.br
.RI "\fIOptions flags for controlling synchronization.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Synch_Options\fR (u_long options = 0, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR &timeout = \fBACE_Time_Value::zero\fR, const void *arg = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialize the Synch_Options based on parameters.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Synch_Options\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault dtor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset\fR (u_long options = 0, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR &timeout = \fBACE_Time_Value::zero\fR, const void *arg = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialize the Synch_Options based on parameters.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator[]\fR (u_long option) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet method for determining which options are enabled.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator=\fR (u_long option)"
.br
.RI "\fISet method for enabling certain options.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const void* \fBarg\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the "magic cookie" argument.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBarg\fR (const void *)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the "magic cookie" argument.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR& \fBtimeout\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns a reference to the <Time_Value>. This value only makes sense if (*this)[USE_TIMEOUT] is true.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBtimeout\fR (const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR &tv)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the <Time_Value>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR* \fBtime_value\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Synch_Options \fBdefaults\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is the default setting for options, which will block synchronously.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Synch_Options \fBsynch\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is the default synchronous setting.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Synch_Options \fBasynch\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is the default asynchronous setting.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBoptions_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIKeeps track of the enabled options.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Time_Value\fR \fBtimeout_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIAmount of time to wait for timeouts.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const void* \fBarg_\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Contains the values of options used to determine the synchronous and asynchronous behavior.
.PP
.PP
 Values support the following behavior (TV == "timeout" and UR == "use \fBACE_Reactor\fR"):
.PP
\fC | Parameters | Description | |TV | UR | |-----|----------|------------------------------- | | |NULL | yes | infinite timeout (using \fBACE_Reactor\fR) | | |time | yes | try asynch transaction for | | the specified time (using \fBACE_Reactor\fR) | | |0,0 | yes | poll; try, if EWOULDBLOCK, | | then return immediately | | (using \fBACE_Reactor\fR) | | |NULL | no | block forever (don't use \fBACE_Reactor\fR) | | |time | no | do a blocking transaction | | for the specified time | | (don't use \fBACE_Reactor\fR) | | |0,0 | no | poll; but do not initiate a | | nonblocking transaction | | (don't use \fBACE_Reactor\fR) \fR 
.PP
.SH MEMBER ENUMERATION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS anonymous enum
.PP
Options flags for controlling synchronization.
.PP
Note that these flags can be bit-wise "or'd" together if both options are desired. 
.PP
\fBEnumeration values:\fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIUSE_REACTOR\fR \fRUse the Reactor.
.TP
\fB\fIUSE_TIMEOUT\fR \fRInterprete the Time_Value.
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Synch_Options::ACE_Synch_Options (u_long options = 0, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR & timeout = \fBACE_Time_Value::zero\fR, const void * arg = 0)
.PP
Initialize the Synch_Options based on parameters.
.PP
.SS ACE_Synch_Options::~ACE_Synch_Options (void)
.PP
Default dtor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_Synch_Options::arg (const void *)
.PP
Set the "magic cookie" argument.
.PP
.SS const void * ACE_Synch_Options::arg (void) const
.PP
Returns the "magic cookie" argument.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Synch_Options::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Synch_Options::operator= (u_long option)
.PP
Set method for enabling certain options.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Synch_Options::operator[] (u_long option) const
.PP
Get method for determining which options are enabled.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Synch_Options::set (u_long options = 0, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR & timeout = \fBACE_Time_Value::zero\fR, const void * arg = 0)
.PP
Initialize the Synch_Options based on parameters.
.PP
.SS const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * ACE_Synch_Options::time_value (void) const
.PP
Returns the address of the timeout <Time_Value> if (*this)[USE_TIMEOUT] is true, else 0. This should be used with care, e.g., the timeout pointer should not be stored in a manner that will lead to dangling pointers... 
.SS void ACE_Synch_Options::timeout (const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR & tv)
.PP
Set the <Time_Value>.
.PP
.SS const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR & ACE_Synch_Options::timeout (void) const
.PP
Returns a reference to the <Time_Value>. This value only makes sense if (*this)[USE_TIMEOUT] is true.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Synch_Options::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
.SS const void * ACE_Synch_Options::arg_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
"Magic cookie" always passed in as an argument to the \fBACE_Reactor\fR's <schedule_timer> method. Used to communicate values for asynchronous programming. 
.SS ACE_Synch_Options ACE_Synch_Options::asynch\fC [static]\fR
.PP
This is the default asynchronous setting.
.PP
.SS ACE_Synch_Options ACE_Synch_Options::defaults\fC [static]\fR
.PP
This is the default setting for options, which will block synchronously.
.PP
.SS u_long ACE_Synch_Options::options_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Keeps track of the enabled options.
.PP
.SS ACE_Synch_Options ACE_Synch_Options::synch\fC [static]\fR
.PP
This is the default synchronous setting.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Time_Value\fR ACE_Synch_Options::timeout_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Amount of time to wait for timeouts.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.