.TH ACE_Cached_Allocator 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Cached_Allocator \- Create a cached memory poll with <n_chunks> chunks each with sizeof (TYPE) size. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Malloc_T.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_New_Allocator\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Cached_Allocator\fR (size_t n_chunks)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a cached memory poll with <n_chunks> chunks each with sizeof (TYPE) size.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Cached_Allocator\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIclear things up.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void* \fBmalloc\fR (size_t nbytes = sizeof (T))"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void* \fBcalloc\fR (size_t nbytes, char initial_value = '\\0')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void* \fBcalloc\fR (size_t n_elem, size_t elem_size, char initial_value = '\\0')"
.br
.RI "\fIThis method is a no-op and just returns 0 since the free list only works with fixed sized entities.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBfree\fR (void *)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn a chunk of memory back to free list cache.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char* \fBpool_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIRemember how we allocate the memory in the first place so we can clear things up later.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Locked_Free_List\fR<\fBACE_Cached_Mem_Pool_Node\fR<T>, ACE_LOCK> \fBfree_list_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIMaintain a cached memory free list.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class T, class ACE_LOCK>  template class ACE_Cached_Allocator
Create a cached memory poll with <n_chunks> chunks each with sizeof (TYPE) size.
.PP
.PP
 This class enables caching of dynamically allocated, fixed-sized classes. Notice that the \fCsizeof (TYPE)\fR must be greater than or equal to \fC sizeof (void*) \fR for this to work properly.
.PP
\fBSee also: \fR
.in +1c
 \fBACE_Cached_Mem_Pool_Node\fR 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT, classACE_LOCK> ACE_Cached_Allocator<T, ACE_LOCK>::ACE_Cached_Allocator<T, ACE_LOCK> (size_t n_chunks)
.PP
Create a cached memory poll with <n_chunks> chunks each with sizeof (TYPE) size.
.PP
.SS template<classT, classACE_LOCK> ACE_Cached_Allocator<T, ACE_LOCK>::~ACE_Cached_Allocator<T, ACE_LOCK> (void)
.PP
clear things up.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT, classACE_LOCK> void * ACE_Cached_Allocator<T, ACE_LOCK>::calloc (size_t n_elem, size_t elem_size, char initial_value = '\\0')\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
This method is a no-op and just returns 0 since the free list only works with fixed sized entities.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_New_Allocator\fR.
.SS template<classT, classACE_LOCK> void * ACE_Cached_Allocator<T, ACE_LOCK>::calloc (size_t nbytes, char initial_value = '\\0')\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Get a chunk of memory from free list cache, giving them <initial_value>. Note that <nbytes> is only checked to make sure that it's <= to sizeof T, and is otherwise ignored since <malloc> always returns a pointer to an item of sizeof (T). 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_New_Allocator\fR.
.SS template<classT, classACE_LOCK> void ACE_Cached_Allocator<T, ACE_LOCK>::free (void * ptr)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Return a chunk of memory back to free list cache.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_New_Allocator\fR.
.SS template<classT, classACE_LOCK> void * ACE_Cached_Allocator<T, ACE_LOCK>::malloc (size_t nbytes = sizeof (T))\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Get a chunk of memory from free list cache. Note that <nbytes> is only checked to make sure that it's <= to sizeof T, and is otherwise ignored since <malloc> always returns a pointer to an item of sizeof (T). 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_New_Allocator\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT, classACE_LOCK> \fBACE_Locked_Free_List\fR< \fBACE_Cached_Mem_Pool_Node\fR< T >,ACE_LOCK > ACE_Cached_Allocator<T, ACE_LOCK>::free_list_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Maintain a cached memory free list.
.PP
.SS template<classT, classACE_LOCK> char * ACE_Cached_Allocator<T, ACE_LOCK>::pool_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Remember how we allocate the memory in the first place so we can clear things up later.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.