.TH ACE_Stream_Node 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Stream_Node \- Handle a Stream. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Parse_Node.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Parse_Node\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Stream_Node\fR (const \fBACE_Static_Node\fR *, const \fBACE_Parse_Node\fR *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Stream_Node\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBapply\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBACE_Static_Node\fR* \fBnode_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fILinked list of modules that are part of the stream.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBACE_Parse_Node\fR* \fBmods_\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Handle a Stream.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Stream_Node::ACE_Stream_Node (const \fBACE_Static_Node\fR *, const \fBACE_Parse_Node\fR *)
.PP
.SS virtual ACE_Stream_Node::~ACE_Stream_Node (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS virtual void ACE_Stream_Node::apply (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Parse_Node\fR.
.SS void ACE_Stream_Node::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Parse_Node\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Stream_Node::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Parse_Node\fR.
.SS const \fBACE_Parse_Node\fR * ACE_Stream_Node::mods_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SS const \fBACE_Static_Node\fR * ACE_Stream_Node::node_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Linked list of modules that are part of the stream.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.