.TH ACE_Asynch_Write_Dgram::Result 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Asynch_Write_Dgram::Result \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Asynch_IO.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Asynch_Result\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "u_long \fBbytes_to_write\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIThe number of bytes which were requested at the start of the asynchronous write.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Message_Block\fR* \fBmessage_block\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIMessage block which contains the sent data.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBflags\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIThe flags using in the write.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBhandle\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fII/O handle used for writing.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result_Impl\fR* \fBimplementation\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the implementation class.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBResult\fR (\fBACE_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result_Impl\fR *implementation)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstrcutor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Result\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result_Impl\fR* \fBimplementation_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIImplementation class.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Asynch_Write_Dgram::Result::Result (\fBACE_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result_Impl\fR * implementation)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Constrcutor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Asynch_Write_Dgram::Result::~Result (void)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS u_long ACE_Asynch_Write_Dgram::Result::bytes_to_write (void) const
.PP
The number of bytes which were requested at the start of the asynchronous write.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Asynch_Write_Dgram::Result::flags (void) const
.PP
The flags using in the write.
.PP
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_Asynch_Write_Dgram::Result::handle (void) const
.PP
I/O handle used for writing.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result_Impl\fR * ACE_Asynch_Write_Dgram::Result::implementation (void) const
.PP
Get the implementation class.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Asynch_Result\fR.
.SS \fBACE_Message_Block\fR * ACE_Asynch_Write_Dgram::Result::message_block (void) const
.PP
Message block which contains the sent data.
.PP
.SH FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS class ACE_POSIX_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
The concrete implementation result classes only construct this class.
.PP
.SS class ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_Asynch_Write_Dgram_Result_Impl\fR * ACE_Asynch_Write_Dgram::Result::implementation_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Implementation class.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Asynch_Result\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.