.TH ACE_Get_Opt 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Get_Opt \- Iterator for parsing command-line arguments. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Get_Opt.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Get_Opt\fR (int argc, \fBACE_TCHAR\fR **argv, const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *optstring, int skip_argv0 = 1, int report_errors = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Get_Opt\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault dtor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator()\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_TCHAR\fR* \fBoptarg\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoptind\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopterr\fR"
.br
.RI "\fICallers store zero here to inhibit the error message for unrecognized options.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBargc_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIHolds the  count.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_TCHAR\fR** \fBargv_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIHolds the  pointer.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Get_Opt\fR (const ACE_Get_Opt &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Get_Opt& \fBoperator=\fR (const ACE_Get_Opt &)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_TCHAR\fR* \fBnextchar_\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR* \fBoptstring_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIHolds the option string.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Iterator for parsing command-line arguments.
.PP
.PP
 This is a C++ wrapper for getopt(3c). 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Get_Opt::ACE_Get_Opt (int argc, \fBACE_TCHAR\fR ** argv, const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * optstring, int skip_argv0 = 1, int report_errors = 0)
.PP
Initialize the internal data when the first call is made. Start processing options with -element 0 + <skip_argv0>; the sequence of previously skipped non-option -elements is empty.
.PP
<optstring> is a string containing the legitimate option characters. A colon in <optstring> means that the previous character is an option that wants an argument. The argument is taken from the rest of the current -element, or from the following -element, and returned in <optarg>.
.PP
If an option character is seen that is not listed in <optstring>, return '?' after printing an error message. If you set <report_errors> to zero, the error message is suppressed but we still return '?'.
.PP
If a char in <optstring> is followed by a colon, that means it wants an arg, so the following text in the same -element, or the text of the following -element, is returned in <optarg>. 
.SS ACE_Get_Opt::~ACE_Get_Opt (void)
.PP
Default dtor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Get_Opt::ACE_Get_Opt (const ACE_Get_Opt &)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_Get_Opt::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Get_Opt::operator() (void)
.PP
Scan elements of  (whose length is ) for option characters given in <optstring>.
.PP
If an element of  starts with '-', and is not exactly "-" or "--", then it is an option element. The characters of this element (aside from the initial '-') are option characters. If <operator()> is called repeatedly, it returns successively each of the option characters from each of the option elements.
.PP
If <operator()> finds another option character, it returns that character, updating <optind> and <nextchar> so that the next call to <operator()> can resume the scan with the following option character or -element.
.PP
If there are no more option characters, <operator()> returns <EOF>. Then <optind> is the index in  of the first -element that is not an option. (The -elements have been permuted so that those that are not options now come last.) 
.SS ACE_Get_Opt& ACE_Get_Opt::operator= (const ACE_Get_Opt &)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Get_Opt::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Get_Opt::argc_
.PP
Holds the  count.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_TCHAR\fR ** ACE_Get_Opt::argv_
.PP
Holds the  pointer.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * ACE_Get_Opt::nextchar_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
The next char to be scanned in the option-element in which the last option character we returned was found. This allows us to pick up the scan where we left off.
.PP
If this is zero, or a null string, it means resume the scan by advancing to the next -element. 
.SS \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * ACE_Get_Opt::optarg
.PP
For communication from <operator()> to the caller. When <operator()> finds an option that takes an argument, the argument value is returned here. 
.SS int ACE_Get_Opt::opterr
.PP
Callers store zero here to inhibit the error message for unrecognized options.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Get_Opt::optind
.PP
Index in  of the next element to be scanned. This is used for communication to and from the caller and for communication between successive calls to <operator()>. On entry to <operator()>, zero means this is the first call; initialize.
.PP
When <get_opt> returns <EOF>, this is the index of the first of the non-option elements that the caller should itself scan.
.PP
Otherwise, <optind> communicates from one call to the next how much of  has been scanned so far. 
.SS const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * ACE_Get_Opt::optstring_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Holds the option string.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.