.TH ACE_OS_Exit_Info 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_OS_Exit_Info \- Hold Object Manager cleanup (exit) information. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <OS.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_OS_Exit_Info\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_OS_Exit_Info\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBat_exit_i\fR (void *object, \fBACE_CLEANUP_FUNC\fR cleanup_hook, void *param)"
.br
.RI "\fIUse to register a cleanup hook.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBfind\fR (void *object)"
.br
.RI "\fILook for a registered cleanup hook object. Returns 1 if already registered, 0 if not.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcall_hooks\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fICall all registered cleanup hooks, in reverse order of registration.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_Cleanup_Info_Node* \fBregistered_objects_\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Hold Object Manager cleanup (exit) information.
.PP
.PP
 For internal use by the \fBACE\fR library, only. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_OS_Exit_Info::ACE_OS_Exit_Info (void)
.PP
Default constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_OS_Exit_Info::~ACE_OS_Exit_Info (void)
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_OS_Exit_Info::at_exit_i (void * object, \fBACE_CLEANUP_FUNC\fR cleanup_hook, void * param)
.PP
Use to register a cleanup hook.
.PP
.SS void ACE_OS_Exit_Info::call_hooks ()
.PP
Call all registered cleanup hooks, in reverse order of registration.
.PP
.SS int ACE_OS_Exit_Info::find (void * object)
.PP
Look for a registered cleanup hook object. Returns 1 if already registered, 0 if not.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Cleanup_Info_Node * ACE_OS_Exit_Info::registered_objects_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Keeps track of all registered objects. The last node is only used to terminate the list (it doesn't contain a valid \fBACE_Cleanup_Info\fR). 

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.