.TH ACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator \- Implements a reverse iterator for a Red-Black Tree ADT. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <RB_Tree.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base< EXT_ID,INT_ID,COMPARE_KEYS,ACE_LOCK >\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator\fR (const \fBACE_RB_Tree\fR<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK> &tree, int set_last = 1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBadvance\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIMove forward by one element in the tree. Returns 0 when all elements have been seen, else 1.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>& \fBoperator++\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIPrefix advance.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK> \fBoperator++\fR (int)"
.br
.RI "\fIPostfix advance.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>& \fBoperator--\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIPrefix reverse.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK> \fBoperator--\fR (int)"
.br
.RI "\fIPostfix reverse.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnext\fR (\fBACE_RB_Tree_Node\fR<EXT_ID, INT_ID> *&next_entry) const"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class EXT_ID, class INT_ID, class COMPARE_KEYS, class ACE_LOCK>  template class ACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator
Implements a reverse iterator for a Red-Black Tree ADT.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> ACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::ACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK> (void)
.PP
Create the singular iterator. It is illegal to deference the iterator, no valid iterator is equal to a singular iterator, etc. etc. 
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> ACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::ACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK> (const \fBACE_RB_Tree\fR< EXT_ID,INT_ID,COMPARE_KEYS,ACE_LOCK >& tree, int set_last = 1)
.PP
Constructor. Takes an \fBACE_RB_Tree\fR over which to iterate, and an integer indicating (if non-zero) to position the iterator at the last element in the tree (if this integer is 0, the iterator is positioned at the first element in the tree). 
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> ACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::~ACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK> (void)
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> int ACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::advance (void)
.PP
Move forward by one element in the tree. Returns 0 when all elements have been seen, else 1.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> void ACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> int ACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::next (\fBACE_RB_Tree_Node\fR< EXT_ID,INT_ID >*& next_entry) const
.PP
Passes back the <entry> under the iterator. Returns 0 if the iteration has completed, otherwise 1. This method must be declared and defined in both the derived forward and reverse iterator classes rather than in the base iterator class because of a method signature resolution problem caused by the existence of the deprecated next (void) method in the derived forward iterator class. When that deprecated method is removed, this method should be removed from the derived classes and placed in the base class. 
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> ACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator< EXT_ID,INT_ID,COMPARE_KEYS,ACE_LOCK > ACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::operator++ (int)
.PP
Postfix advance.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> ACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator< EXT_ID,INT_ID,COMPARE_KEYS,ACE_LOCK >& ACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::operator++ (void)
.PP
Prefix advance.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> ACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator< EXT_ID,INT_ID,COMPARE_KEYS,ACE_LOCK > ACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::operator-- (int)
.PP
Postfix reverse.
.PP
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> ACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator< EXT_ID,INT_ID,COMPARE_KEYS,ACE_LOCK >& ACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::operator-- (void)
.PP
Prefix reverse.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classEXT_ID, classINT_ID, classCOMPARE_KEYS, classACE_LOCK> ACE_RB_Tree_Reverse_Iterator<EXT_ID, INT_ID, COMPARE_KEYS, ACE_LOCK>::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_RB_Tree_Iterator_Base\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.