.TH ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository \- Used to map s onto the appropriate  *. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Select_Reactor_Base.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository\fR (\fBACE_Select_Reactor_Impl\fR &)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault "do-nothing" constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIdtor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopen\fR (size_t size)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialize a repository of the appropriate <size>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBclose\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIClose down the repository.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Event_Handler\fR* \fBfind\fR (ACE_HANDLE handle, size_t *index_p = 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBbind\fR (ACE_HANDLE, \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR *, \fBACE_Reactor_Mask\fR)"
.br
.RI "\fIBind the  to the  with the appropriate  settings.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBunbind\fR (ACE_HANDLE, \fBACE_Reactor_Mask\fR mask)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove the binding of  in accordance with the <mask>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBunbind_all\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove all the  tuples.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBinvalid_handle\fR (ACE_HANDLE handle)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBhandle_in_range\fR (ACE_HANDLE handle)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBsize\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the current table size.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBmax_handlep1\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIMaximum ACE_HANDLE value, plus 1.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Select_Reactor_Impl\fR& \fBselect_reactor_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIReference to our <Select_Reactor>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBssize_t\fR \fBmax_size_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIMaximum number of handles.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmax_handlep1_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe highest currently active handle, plus 1 (ranges between 0 and <max_size_>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Event_Tuple\fR* \fBevent_handlers_\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository_Iterator\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Used to map s onto the appropriate  *.
.PP
.PP
 This class is necessary to shield differences between UNIX and Win32. In UNIX,  is an int, whereas in Win32 it's a void *. This class hides all these details from the bulk of the  code. All of these methods are called with the main <Select_Reactor> token lock held. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository::ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository (\fBACE_Select_Reactor_Impl\fR &)
.PP
Default "do-nothing" constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository::~ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository (void)
.PP
dtor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository::bind (ACE_HANDLE, \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR *, \fBACE_Reactor_Mask\fR)
.PP
Bind the  to the  with the appropriate  settings.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository::close (void)
.PP
Close down the repository.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR * ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository::find (ACE_HANDLE handle, size_t * index_p = 0)
.PP
Return the  associated with . If <index_p> is non-0, then return the index location of the <handle>, if found. 
.SS int ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository::handle_in_range (ACE_HANDLE handle)
.PP
.SS int ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository::invalid_handle (ACE_HANDLE handle)
.PP
.SS size_t ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository::max_handlep1 (void)
.PP
Maximum ACE_HANDLE value, plus 1.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository::open (size_t size)
.PP
Initialize a repository of the appropriate <size>.
.PP
.SS size_t ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository::size (void) const
.PP
Returns the current table size.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository::unbind (ACE_HANDLE, \fBACE_Reactor_Mask\fR mask)
.PP
Remove the binding of  in accordance with the <mask>.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository::unbind_all (void)
.PP
Remove all the  tuples.
.PP
.SH FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS class ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository_Iterator\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Event_Tuple\fR * ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository::event_handlers_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
The NT version implements this via a dynamically allocated array of . Since NT implements ACE_HANDLE as a void * we can't directly index into this array. Therefore, we just do a linear search (for now). Next, we'll modify things to use hashing or something faster... 
.SS int ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository::max_handlep1_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
The highest currently active handle, plus 1 (ranges between 0 and <max_size_>.
.PP
.SS \fBssize_t\fR ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository::max_size_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Maximum number of handles.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Select_Reactor_Impl\fR & ACE_Select_Reactor_Handler_Repository::select_reactor_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Reference to our <Select_Reactor>.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.