.TH ACE_Name_Binding 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Name_Binding \- Maintains a mapping from name to value and type. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Name_Space.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Name_Binding\fR (const \fBACE_WString\fR &n, const \fBACE_WString\fR &v, const char *t)"
.br
.RI "\fIMain constructor that initializes all the fields.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Name_Binding\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Name_Binding\fR (const ACE_Name_Binding &)"
.br
.RI "\fICopy constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator=\fR (const ACE_Name_Binding &)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssignment operator.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Name_Binding\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator==\fR (const ACE_Name_Binding &s) const"
.br
.RI "\fITest for equality.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_WString\fR \fBname_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIName of the binding.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_WString\fR \fBvalue_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIValue of the binding.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "char* \fBtype_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIType of the binding.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Maintains a mapping from name to value and type.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Name_Binding::ACE_Name_Binding (const \fBACE_WString\fR & n, const \fBACE_WString\fR & v, const char * t)
.PP
Main constructor that initializes all the fields.
.PP
.SS ACE_Name_Binding::ACE_Name_Binding (void)
.PP
Default constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Name_Binding::ACE_Name_Binding (const ACE_Name_Binding &)
.PP
Copy constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Name_Binding::~ACE_Name_Binding (void)
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_Name_Binding::operator= (const ACE_Name_Binding &)
.PP
Assignment operator.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Name_Binding::operator== (const ACE_Name_Binding & s) const
.PP
Test for equality.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_WString\fR ACE_Name_Binding::name_
.PP
Name of the binding.
.PP
.SS char * ACE_Name_Binding::type_
.PP
Type of the binding.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_WString\fR ACE_Name_Binding::value_
.PP
Value of the binding.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.