.TH ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Operation 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Operation \- This class abstracts out the common things needed for implementing Asynch_Operation for WIN32 platform. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <WIN32_Asynch_IO.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Asynch_Operation_Impl\fR.
.PP
Inherited by \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Accept\fR, \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_Dgram\fR, \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_Stream\fR, \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Transmit_File\fR, \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram\fR, and \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Stream\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopen\fR (\fBACE_Handler\fR &handler, ACE_HANDLE handle, const void *completion_key, \fBACE_Proactor\fR *proactor)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcancel\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Proactor\fR* \fBproactor\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the underlying proactor.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Operation\fR (\fBACE_WIN32_Proactor\fR *win32_proactor)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Operation\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_WIN32_Proactor\fR* \fBwin32_proactor_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIWIn32 Proactor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Proactor\fR* \fBproactor_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIProactor that this asynch IO is registered with.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Handler\fR* \fBhandler_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIHandler that will receive the callback.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBhandle_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fII/O handle used for reading.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This class abstracts out the common things needed for implementing Asynch_Operation for WIN32 platform.
.PP
.PP
 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Operation::ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Operation (\fBACE_WIN32_Proactor\fR * win32_proactor)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Operation::~ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Operation (void)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Operation::cancel (void)
.PP
This cancels all pending accepts operations that were issued by the calling thread. The function does not cancel asynchronous operations issued by other threads. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_Stream\fR, \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Stream\fR, \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_File\fR, \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_File\fR, \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Accept\fR, \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Transmit_File\fR, \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_Dgram\fR, and \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram\fR.
.SS int ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Operation::open (\fBACE_Handler\fR & handler, ACE_HANDLE handle, const void * completion_key, \fBACE_Proactor\fR * proactor)
.PP
Initializes the factory with information which will be used with each asynchronous call. If (<handle> == ACE_INVALID_HANDLE),  will be called on the <handler> to get the correct handle. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_Stream\fR, \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Stream\fR, \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_File\fR, \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_File\fR, \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Accept\fR, \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Transmit_File\fR, \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_Dgram\fR, and \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram\fR.
.SS \fBACE_Proactor\fR * ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Operation::proactor (void) const
.PP
Return the underlying proactor.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_Stream\fR, \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Stream\fR, \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_File\fR, \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_File\fR, \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Accept\fR, \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Transmit_File\fR, \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Read_Dgram\fR, and \fBACE_WIN32_Asynch_Write_Dgram\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Operation::handle_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
I/O handle used for reading.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Handler\fR * ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Operation::handler_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Handler that will receive the callback.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Proactor\fR * ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Operation::proactor_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Proactor that this asynch IO is registered with.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_WIN32_Proactor\fR * ACE_WIN32_Asynch_Operation::win32_proactor_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
WIn32 Proactor.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.