.TH ACE_Map_Impl_Reverse_Iterator_Adapter 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Map_Impl_Reverse_Iterator_Adapter \- Defines a reverse iterator implementation for the Map_Impl class. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Map_T.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Reverse_Iterator_Impl< T >\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef IMPLEMENTATION \fBimplementation\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Map_Impl_Reverse_Iterator_Adapter\fR (const IMPLEMENTATION &impl)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Map_Impl_Reverse_Iterator_Adapter\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBACE_Reverse_Iterator_Impl\fR<T>* \fBclone\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIClone.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBcompare\fR (const \fBACE_Reverse_Iterator_Impl\fR<T> &rhs) const"
.br
.RI "\fIComparison.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual T \fBdereference\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDereference.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBplus_plus\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdvance.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBminus_minus\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIReverse.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "IMPLEMENTATION& \fBimpl\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIAccessor to implementation object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "IMPLEMENTATION \fBimplementation_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIAll implementation details are forwarded to this class.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class T, class IMPLEMENTATION, class ENTRY>  template class ACE_Map_Impl_Reverse_Iterator_Adapter
Defines a reverse iterator implementation for the Map_Impl class.
.PP
.PP
 Implementation to be provided by IMPLEMENTATION. 
.PP
.SH MEMBER TYPEDEF DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT, classIMPLEMENTATION, classENTRY> typedef IMPLEMENTATION ACE_Map_Impl_Reverse_Iterator_Adapter<T, IMPLEMENTATION, ENTRY>::implementation
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT, classIMPLEMENTATION, classENTRY> ACE_Map_Impl_Reverse_Iterator_Adapter<T, IMPLEMENTATION, ENTRY>::ACE_Map_Impl_Reverse_Iterator_Adapter<T, IMPLEMENTATION, ENTRY> (const IMPLEMENTATION & impl)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SS template<classT, classIMPLEMENTATION, classENTRY> ACE_Map_Impl_Reverse_Iterator_Adapter<T, IMPLEMENTATION, ENTRY>::~ACE_Map_Impl_Reverse_Iterator_Adapter<T, IMPLEMENTATION, ENTRY> (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT, classIMPLEMENTATION, classENTRY> \fBACE_Reverse_Iterator_Impl\fR< T >* ACE_Map_Impl_Reverse_Iterator_Adapter<T, IMPLEMENTATION, ENTRY>::clone (void) const\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Clone.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Reverse_Iterator_Impl\fR.
.SS template<classT, classIMPLEMENTATION, classENTRY> int ACE_Map_Impl_Reverse_Iterator_Adapter<T, IMPLEMENTATION, ENTRY>::compare (const \fBACE_Reverse_Iterator_Impl\fR< T >& rhs) const\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Comparison.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Reverse_Iterator_Impl\fR.
.SS template<classT, classIMPLEMENTATION, classENTRY> T ACE_Map_Impl_Reverse_Iterator_Adapter<T, IMPLEMENTATION, ENTRY>::dereference (void) const\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Dereference.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Reverse_Iterator_Impl\fR.
.SS template<classT, classIMPLEMENTATION, classENTRY> IMPLEMENTATION & ACE_Map_Impl_Reverse_Iterator_Adapter<T, IMPLEMENTATION, ENTRY>::impl (void)
.PP
Accessor to implementation object.
.PP
.SS template<classT, classIMPLEMENTATION, classENTRY> void ACE_Map_Impl_Reverse_Iterator_Adapter<T, IMPLEMENTATION, ENTRY>::minus_minus (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Reverse.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Reverse_Iterator_Impl\fR.
.SS template<classT, classIMPLEMENTATION, classENTRY> void ACE_Map_Impl_Reverse_Iterator_Adapter<T, IMPLEMENTATION, ENTRY>::plus_plus (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Advance.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Reverse_Iterator_Impl\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classT, classIMPLEMENTATION, classENTRY> IMPLEMENTATION ACE_Map_Impl_Reverse_Iterator_Adapter<T, IMPLEMENTATION, ENTRY>::implementation_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
All implementation details are forwarded to this class.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.