.TH ACE_Predefined_Naming_Contexts 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Predefined_Naming_Contexts \- A factory for predefined registries, which exist by default on Win32 platforms. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Registry.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Static Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBconnect\fR (\fBACE_Registry::Naming_Context\fR &naming_context, HKEY predefined = HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE, const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *machine_name = 0)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Static Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBis_local_host\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *machine_name)"
.br
.RI "\fICheck if <machine_name> is the local host.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
A factory for predefined registries, which exist by default on Win32 platforms.
.PP
.PP
 This factory can connect to both local and remote predefined registries. 
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Predefined_Naming_Contexts::connect (\fBACE_Registry::Naming_Context\fR & naming_context, HKEY predefined = HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE, const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * machine_name = 0)\fC [static]\fR
.PP
Factory method for connecting to predefined registries. This method works for both remote and local machines. However, for remote machines, HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT and HKEY_CURRENT_USER types are not allowed 
.SS int ACE_Predefined_Naming_Contexts::is_local_host (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * machine_name)\fC [static, private]\fR
.PP
Check if <machine_name> is the local host.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.