.TH ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::To_Be_Added_Info 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::To_Be_Added_Info \- This structure inherits from the common structure to add information for <to_be_added> entries. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <WFMO_Reactor.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::Common_Info\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTo_Be_Added_Info\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBreset\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIReset the state of the structure.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset\fR (ACE_HANDLE event_handle, int io_entry, \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR *event_handler, ACE_HANDLE io_handle, long network_events, int delete_event, int delete_entry = 0, \fBACE_Reactor_Mask\fR close_masks = ACE_Event_Handler::NULL_MASK, int suspend_entry = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the structure to these new values.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset\fR (ACE_HANDLE event_handle, \fBCommon_Info\fR &common_info, int suspend_entry = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the structure to these new values.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBevent_handle_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIHandle for the event.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsuspend_entry_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is set when the entry needed to be suspended.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This structure inherits from the common structure to add information for <to_be_added> entries.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::To_Be_Added_Info::To_Be_Added_Info (void)
.PP
Default constructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::To_Be_Added_Info::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::Common_Info\fR.
.SS void ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::To_Be_Added_Info::reset (void)
.PP
Reset the state of the structure.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::Common_Info\fR.
.SS void ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::To_Be_Added_Info::set (ACE_HANDLE event_handle, \fBCommon_Info\fR & common_info, int suspend_entry = 0)
.PP
Set the structure to these new values.
.PP
.SS void ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::To_Be_Added_Info::set (ACE_HANDLE event_handle, int io_entry, \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR * event_handler, ACE_HANDLE io_handle, long network_events, int delete_event, int delete_entry = 0, \fBACE_Reactor_Mask\fR close_masks = ACE_Event_Handler::NULL_MASK, int suspend_entry = 0)
.PP
Set the structure to these new values.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::To_Be_Added_Info::event_handle_
.PP
Handle for the event.
.PP
.SS int ACE_WFMO_Reactor_Handler_Repository::To_Be_Added_Info::suspend_entry_
.PP
This is set when the entry needed to be suspended.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.