.TH ACE_Command_Callback 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Command_Callback \- Defines a class template that allows us to invoke a GOF command style callback to an object without knowing anything about the object except its type. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Functor_T.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Command_Base\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Command_Callback\fR (RECEIVER &recvr, ACTION action)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor: sets the <receiver_> of the Command to recvr, and the  of the Command to .\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ACE_Command_Callback\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIVirtual destructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBexecute\fR (void *arg = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fIInvokes the method  from the object <receiver_>.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "RECEIVER& \fBreceiver_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIObject where the method resides.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACTION \fBaction_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIMethod that is going to be invoked.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class RECEIVER, class ACTION>  template class ACE_Command_Callback
Defines a class template that allows us to invoke a GOF command style callback to an object without knowing anything about the object except its type.
.PP
.PP
 This class declares an interface to execute operations, binding a RECEIVER object with an ACTION. The RECEIVER knows how to implement the operation. A class can invoke operations without knowing anything about it, or how it was implemented. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classRECEIVER, classACTION> ACE_Command_Callback<RECEIVER, ACTION>::ACE_Command_Callback<RECEIVER, ACTION> (RECEIVER & recvr, ACTION action)
.PP
Constructor: sets the <receiver_> of the Command to recvr, and the  of the Command to .
.PP
.SS template<classRECEIVER, classACTION> ACE_Command_Callback<RECEIVER, ACTION>::~ACE_Command_Callback<RECEIVER, ACTION> (void)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Virtual destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classRECEIVER, classACTION> int ACE_Command_Callback<RECEIVER, ACTION>::execute (void * arg = 0)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Invokes the method  from the object <receiver_>.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Command_Base\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classRECEIVER, classACTION> ACTION ACE_Command_Callback<RECEIVER, ACTION>::action_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Method that is going to be invoked.
.PP
.SS template<classRECEIVER, classACTION> RECEIVER & ACE_Command_Callback<RECEIVER, ACTION>::receiver_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Object where the method resides.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.