.TH ACE_TLI_Stream 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_TLI_Stream \- Defines the member functions for ACE_TLI_Stream abstraction. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <TLI_Stream.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_TLI\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBACE_INET_Addr\fR \fBPEER_ADDR\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_TLI_Stream\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBclose\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIClose down and release resources.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBactive_close\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fISend a release and then await the release from the other side.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBpassive_close\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIAcknowledge the release from the other side and then send the release to the other side.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBget_remote_addr\fR (\fBACE_Addr\fR &) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn address of remotely connected peer.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBssize_t\fR \fBsend\fR (const void *buf, size_t n, int flags, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0) const"
.br
.RI "\fISend an n byte buffer to the connected socket (uses t_snd(3)). Recv an n byte buffer from the connected socket (uses t_rcv(3)).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBssize_t\fR \fBrecv\fR (void *buf, size_t n, int *flags, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBssize_t\fR \fBsend_n\fR (const void *buf, size_t n, int flags, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0, size_t *bytes_transferred = 0) const"
.br
.RI "\fISend exactly n bytes to the connected socket (uses t_snd(3)). Recv exactly n bytes from the connected socket (uses t_rcv(3)).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBssize_t\fR \fBrecv_n\fR (void *buf, size_t n, int *flags, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0, size_t *bytes_transferred = 0) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBssize_t\fR \fBsend\fR (const void *buf, size_t n, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0) const"
.br
.RI "\fISend an n byte buffer to the connected socket (uses write(2)).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBssize_t\fR \fBrecv\fR (void *buf, size_t n, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0) const"
.br
.RI "\fIRecv an n byte buffer from the connected socket (uses read(2)).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBssize_t\fR \fBsend_n\fR (const void *buf, size_t n, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0, size_t *bytes_transferred = 0) const"
.br
.RI "\fISend n bytes, keep trying until n are sent (uses write(2)).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBssize_t\fR \fBrecv_n\fR (void *buf, size_t n, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR *timeout = 0, size_t *bytes_transferred = 0) const"
.br
.RI "\fIRecv n bytes, keep trying until n are received (uses read (2)).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBget_rwflag\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_rwflag\fR (int)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrwflag_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIIndicates whether the tirdwr module should be pushed.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_TLI_Acceptor\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_TLI_Connector\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Defines the member functions for ACE_TLI_Stream abstraction.
.PP
.SH MEMBER TYPEDEF DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS typedef \fBACE_INET_Addr\fR ACE_TLI_Stream::PEER_ADDR
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_TLI_Stream::ACE_TLI_Stream (void)
.PP
Default constructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_TLI_Stream::active_close (void)
.PP
Send a release and then await the release from the other side.
.PP
.SS int ACE_TLI_Stream::close (void)
.PP
Close down and release resources.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_TLI\fR.
.SS void ACE_TLI_Stream::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_TLI\fR.
.SS int ACE_TLI_Stream::get_remote_addr (\fBACE_Addr\fR &) const
.PP
Return address of remotely connected peer.
.PP
.SS int ACE_TLI_Stream::get_rwflag (void)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SS int ACE_TLI_Stream::passive_close (void)
.PP
Acknowledge the release from the other side and then send the release to the other side.
.PP
.SS \fBssize_t\fR ACE_TLI_Stream::recv (void * buf, size_t n, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0) const
.PP
Recv an n byte buffer from the connected socket (uses read(2)).
.PP
.SS \fBssize_t\fR ACE_TLI_Stream::recv (void * buf, size_t n, int * flags, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0) const
.PP
.SS \fBssize_t\fR ACE_TLI_Stream::recv_n (void * buf, size_t n, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0, size_t * bytes_transferred = 0) const
.PP
Recv n bytes, keep trying until n are received (uses read (2)).
.PP
.SS \fBssize_t\fR ACE_TLI_Stream::recv_n (void * buf, size_t n, int * flags, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0, size_t * bytes_transferred = 0) const
.PP
.SS \fBssize_t\fR ACE_TLI_Stream::send (const void * buf, size_t n, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0) const
.PP
Send an n byte buffer to the connected socket (uses write(2)).
.PP
.SS \fBssize_t\fR ACE_TLI_Stream::send (const void * buf, size_t n, int flags, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0) const
.PP
Send an n byte buffer to the connected socket (uses t_snd(3)). Recv an n byte buffer from the connected socket (uses t_rcv(3)).
.PP
.SS \fBssize_t\fR ACE_TLI_Stream::send_n (const void * buf, size_t n, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0, size_t * bytes_transferred = 0) const
.PP
Send n bytes, keep trying until n are sent (uses write(2)).
.PP
.SS \fBssize_t\fR ACE_TLI_Stream::send_n (const void * buf, size_t n, int flags, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR * timeout = 0, size_t * bytes_transferred = 0) const
.PP
Send exactly n bytes to the connected socket (uses t_snd(3)). Recv exactly n bytes from the connected socket (uses t_rcv(3)).
.PP
.SS void ACE_TLI_Stream::set_rwflag (int)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SH FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS class ACE_TLI_Acceptor\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
.SS class ACE_TLI_Connector\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_TLI_Stream::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_TLI\fR.
.SS int ACE_TLI_Stream::rwflag_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Indicates whether the tirdwr module should be pushed.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.