.TH ACE_Filecache_Object 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Filecache_Object \- Abstraction over a real file. This is what the Virtual Filesystem contains. This class is not intended for general consumption. Please consult a physician before attempting to use this class. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Filecache.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBCreation_States\fR { \fBACE_READING\fR = 1, \fBACE_WRITING\fR = 2 }"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBError_Conditions\fR { \fBACE_SUCCESS\fR = 0, \fBACE_ACCESS_FAILED\fR, \fBACE_OPEN_FAILED\fR, \fBACE_COPY_FAILED\fR, \fBACE_STAT_FAILED\fR, \fBACE_MEMMAP_FAILED\fR, \fBACE_WRITE_FAILED\fR }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Filecache_Object\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *filename, ACE_SYNCH_RW_MUTEX &lock, LPSECURITY_ATTRIBUTES sa = 0, int mapit = 1)"
.br
.RI "\fICreates a file for reading.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Filecache_Object\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *filename, int size, ACE_SYNCH_RW_MUTEX &lock, LPSECURITY_ATTRIBUTES sa = 0)"
.br
.RI "\fICreates a file for writing.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Filecache_Object\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIOnly if reference count is zero should this be called.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBacquire\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIIncrement the reference_count_.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrelease\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDecrement the reference_count_.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBerror\fR (void) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBerror\fR (int error_value, const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *s = ACE_LIB_TEXT ("ACE_Filecache_Object"))"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR* \fBfilename\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIfilename_ accessor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBhandle\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIhandle_ accessor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void* \fBaddress\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIBase memory address for memory mapped file.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBsize\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIsize_ accessor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBupdate\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fITrue if file on disk is newer than cached file.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Filecache_Object\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIPrevent from being called.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinit\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fICommon initialization code,.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBerror_i\fR (int error_value, const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *s = ACE_LIB_TEXT ("ACE_Filecache_Object"))"
.br
.RI "\fIInternal error logging method, no locking.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_TCHAR\fR* \fBtempname_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe temporary file name and the real file name. The real file is copied into the temporary file for safety reasons.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_TCHAR\fR \fBfilename_\fR [MAXPATHLEN + 1]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Mem_Map\fR \fBmmap_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fImmap_ holds the memory mapped version of the temporary file. handle_ is the descriptor to the temporary file.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_HANDLE \fBhandle_\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_stat\fR \fBstat_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIUsed to compare against the real file to test if an update is needed.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBsize_\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBaction_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIStatus indicators.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBerror_\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBstale_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIIf set to 1, means the object is flagged for removal.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "LPSECURITY_ATTRIBUTES \fBsa_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fISecurity attribute object.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_SYNCH_RW_MUTEX \fBjunklock_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIlock_ provides a bookkeeping mechanism for users of this object. junklock_ is the default initializer.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "ACE_SYNCH_RW_MUTEX& \fBlock_\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_Filecache\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Abstraction over a real file. This is what the Virtual Filesystem contains. This class is not intended for general consumption. Please consult a physician before attempting to use this class.
.PP
.SH MEMBER ENUMERATION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS enum ACE_Filecache_Object::Creation_States
.PP
\fBEnumeration values:\fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIACE_READING\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fIACE_WRITING\fR \fR
.SS enum ACE_Filecache_Object::Error_Conditions
.PP
\fBEnumeration values:\fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIACE_SUCCESS\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fIACE_ACCESS_FAILED\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fIACE_OPEN_FAILED\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fIACE_COPY_FAILED\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fIACE_STAT_FAILED\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fIACE_MEMMAP_FAILED\fR \fR
.TP
\fB\fIACE_WRITE_FAILED\fR \fR
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Filecache_Object::ACE_Filecache_Object (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * filename, ACE_SYNCH_RW_MUTEX & lock, LPSECURITY_ATTRIBUTES sa = 0, int mapit = 1)
.PP
Creates a file for reading.
.PP
.SS ACE_Filecache_Object::ACE_Filecache_Object (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * filename, int size, ACE_SYNCH_RW_MUTEX & lock, LPSECURITY_ATTRIBUTES sa = 0)
.PP
Creates a file for writing.
.PP
.SS ACE_Filecache_Object::~ACE_Filecache_Object (void)
.PP
Only if reference count is zero should this be called.
.PP
.SS ACE_Filecache_Object::ACE_Filecache_Object (void)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Prevent from being called.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Filecache_Object::acquire (void)
.PP
Increment the reference_count_.
.PP
.SS void * ACE_Filecache_Object::address (void) const
.PP
Base memory address for memory mapped file.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Filecache_Object::error (int error_value, const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * s = ACE_LIB_TEXT ("ACE_Filecache_Object"))
.PP
.SS int ACE_Filecache_Object::error (void) const
.PP
.SS int ACE_Filecache_Object::error_i (int error_value, const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * s = ACE_LIB_TEXT ("ACE_Filecache_Object"))\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Internal error logging method, no locking.
.PP
.SS const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * ACE_Filecache_Object::filename (void) const
.PP
filename_ accessor.
.PP
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_Filecache_Object::handle (void) const
.PP
handle_ accessor.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Filecache_Object::init (void)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Common initialization code,.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Filecache_Object::release (void)
.PP
Decrement the reference_count_.
.PP
.SS size_t ACE_Filecache_Object::size (void) const
.PP
size_ accessor.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Filecache_Object::update (void) const
.PP
True if file on disk is newer than cached file.
.PP
.SH FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS class ACE_Filecache\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Filecache_Object::action_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Status indicators.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Filecache_Object::error_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SS \fBACE_TCHAR\fR ACE_Filecache_Object::filename_[MAXPATHLEN+1]\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SS ACE_HANDLE ACE_Filecache_Object::handle_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SS ACE_SYNCH_RW_MUTEX ACE_Filecache_Object::junklock_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
lock_ provides a bookkeeping mechanism for users of this object. junklock_ is the default initializer.
.PP
.SS ACE_SYNCH_RW_MUTEX & ACE_Filecache_Object::lock_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Mem_Map\fR ACE_Filecache_Object::mmap_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
mmap_ holds the memory mapped version of the temporary file. handle_ is the descriptor to the temporary file.
.PP
.SS LPSECURITY_ATTRIBUTES ACE_Filecache_Object::sa_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Security attribute object.
.PP
.SS size_t ACE_Filecache_Object::size_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SS int ACE_Filecache_Object::stale_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
If set to 1, means the object is flagged for removal.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_stat\fR ACE_Filecache_Object::stat_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Used to compare against the real file to test if an update is needed.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * ACE_Filecache_Object::tempname_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
The temporary file name and the real file name. The real file is copied into the temporary file for safety reasons.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.