.TH ACE_Cleanup_Info 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Cleanup_Info \- Hold cleanup information for thread/process. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <OS.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Cleanup_Info\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator==\fR (const ACE_Cleanup_Info &o) const"
.br
.RI "\fIEquality operator.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator!=\fR (const ACE_Cleanup_Info &o) const"
.br
.RI "\fIInequality operator.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void* \fBobject_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIPoint to object that gets passed into the <cleanup_hook_>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_CLEANUP_FUNC\fR \fBcleanup_hook_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fICleanup hook that gets called back.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void* \fBparam_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIParameter passed to the <cleanup_hook_>.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Hold cleanup information for thread/process.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Cleanup_Info::ACE_Cleanup_Info (void)
.PP
Default constructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Cleanup_Info::operator!= (const ACE_Cleanup_Info & o) const
.PP
Inequality operator.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Cleanup_Info::operator== (const ACE_Cleanup_Info & o) const
.PP
Equality operator.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_CLEANUP_FUNC\fR ACE_Cleanup_Info::cleanup_hook_
.PP
Cleanup hook that gets called back.
.PP
.SS void * ACE_Cleanup_Info::object_
.PP
Point to object that gets passed into the <cleanup_hook_>.
.PP
.SS void * ACE_Cleanup_Info::param_
.PP
Parameter passed to the <cleanup_hook_>.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.