.TH ACE_Managed_Object 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Managed_Object \- Wrapper for interface to allocate an object managed by the \fBACE_Object_Manager\fR. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Managed_Object.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Static Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "TYPE* \fBget_preallocated_object\fR (\fBACE_Object_Manager::Preallocated_Object\fR id)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "TYPE* \fBget_preallocated_array\fR (\fBACE_Object_Manager::Preallocated_Array\fR id)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Managed_Object\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Managed_Object\fR (const ACE_Managed_Object<TYPE> &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoperator=\fR (const ACE_Managed_Object<TYPE> &)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBthis_prevents_compiler_warning_about_only_private_constructors\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 

.SS template<class TYPE>  template class ACE_Managed_Object
Wrapper for interface to allocate an object managed by the \fBACE_Object_Manager\fR.
.PP
.PP
 This template class wraps an interface that is used to allocate and access an object that is managed by the \fBACE_Object_Manager\fR. Because static template member functions are not supported by some compilers, it is a separate (template) class. This interface is typically used to replace a static object with one that is dynamically allocated. It helps to avoid problems with order of static object construction/destruction. Managed objects won't be allocated until needed, but should be allocated when first needed. And they are destroyed in the reverse order of construction. <get_preallocated_object> accesses a "preallocated" object, i.e., one that is identified by a value in the \fBACE_Object_Manager\fR:: Preallocated_Object enum. These objects are used internally by the \fBACE\fR library. Hooks are provided for the application to preallocate objects via the same mechanism. ACE_APPLICATION_PREALLOCATED_OBJECT_DECLARATIONS can be used to define enum values; ACE_APPLICATION_PREALLOCATED_OBJECT_DEFINITIONS can be used to define the corresponding objects. The format of the \fBACE\fR internal library definitions should be followed. And similarly, ACE_APPLICATION_PREALLOCATED_ARRAY_DECLARATIONS and ACE_APPLICATION_PREALLOCATED_ARRAY_DEFINITIONS can be used to preallocate arrays. By default, preallocation uses dynamic allocation. The preallocated objects and arrays are allocated off the heap in the \fBACE_Object_Manager\fR constructor. To statically place the preallocated objects in program global data instead of on the heap, define ACE_HAS_STATIC_PREALLOCATION prior to building the \fBACE\fR library. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classTYPE> ACE_Managed_Object<TYPE>::ACE_Managed_Object<TYPE> (void)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SS template<classTYPE> ACE_Managed_Object<TYPE>::ACE_Managed_Object<TYPE> (const ACE_Managed_Object< TYPE >&)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classTYPE> TYPE * ACE_Managed_Object<TYPE>::get_preallocated_array (\fBACE_Object_Manager::Preallocated_Array\fR id)\fC [inline, static]\fR
.PP
.SS template<classTYPE> TYPE * ACE_Managed_Object<TYPE>::get_preallocated_object (\fBACE_Object_Manager::Preallocated_Object\fR id)\fC [inline, static]\fR
.PP
.SS template<classTYPE> void ACE_Managed_Object<TYPE>::operator= (const ACE_Managed_Object< TYPE >&)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SH FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS template<classTYPE> class this_prevents_compiler_warning_about_only_private_constructors\fC [friend]\fR
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.