.TH ACE_Control_Block 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Control_Block \- This information is stored in memory allocated by the <Memory_Pool>. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Malloc.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of the object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBref_counter_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIReference counter.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Name_Node\fR* \fBname_head_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIHead of the linked list of Name Nodes.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Malloc_Header\fR* \fBfreep_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fICurrent head of the freelist.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBlock_name_\fR [MAXNAMELEN]"
.br
.RI "\fIName of lock thats ensures mutual exclusion.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBalign_\fR [ACE_CONTROL_BLOCK_ALIGN_LONGS < 1 ? 1 : ACE_CONTROL_BLOCK_ALIGN_LONGS]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Malloc_Header\fR \fBbase_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDummy node used to anchor the freelist. This needs to come last...\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBprint_alignment_info\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIPrint out a bunch of size info for debugging.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This information is stored in memory allocated by the <Memory_Pool>.
.PP
.PP
 This class defines the "old" control block class for use in \fBACE_Malloc_T\fR. This control block implementation is considerable more efficient than the "position independent" one below (\fBACE_PI_Control_Block\fR) but if you are going to use it to construct a \fBACE_Malloc_T\fR and access the memory from several different processes, you must "map" the underlying memory pool to the same address. 
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_Control_Block::dump (void) const
.PP
Dump the state of the object.
.PP
.SS void ACE_Control_Block::print_alignment_info (void)\fC [static]\fR
.PP
Print out a bunch of size info for debugging.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS long ACE_Control_Block::align_[ACE_CONTROL_BLOCK_ALIGN_LONGS< 1?1:ACE_CONTROL_BLOCK_ALIGN_LONGS]
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Malloc_Header\fR ACE_Control_Block::base_
.PP
Dummy node used to anchor the freelist. This needs to come last...
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Malloc_Header\fR * ACE_Control_Block::freep_
.PP
Current head of the freelist.
.PP
.SS char ACE_Control_Block::lock_name_[MAXNAMELEN]
.PP
Name of lock thats ensures mutual exclusion.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Name_Node\fR * ACE_Control_Block::name_head_
.PP
Head of the linked list of Name Nodes.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Control_Block::ref_counter_
.PP
Reference counter.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.