.TH ACE_Service_Manager 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Service_Manager \- Provide a standard \fBACE\fR service for managing all the services configured in an . 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Service_Manager.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBACE_Service_Object\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Service_Manager\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ACE_Service_Manager\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBreconfigure_services\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fITrigger a reconfiguration of the Service Configurator by.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBlist_services\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDetermine all the services offered by this daemon and return the information back to the client.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBinit\fR (int argc, \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *argv[])"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes object when dynamic linking occurs.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBinfo\fR (\fBACE_TCHAR\fR **info_string, size_t length) const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns information on a service object.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBfini\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fITerminates object when dynamic unlinking occurs.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBsuspend\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fITemporarily disable a service without removing it completely.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBresume\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIRe-enable a previously suspended service.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIDump the state of an object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDeclare the dynamic allocation hooks.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopen\fR (const \fBACE_INET_Addr\fR &sia)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual ACE_HANDLE \fBget_handle\fR (void) const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the I/O handle. Set the I/O handle.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBhandle_input\fR (ACE_HANDLE fd)"
.br
.RI "\fICalled when input events occur (e.g., connection or data).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBhandle_close\fR (ACE_HANDLE fd, \fBACE_Reactor_Mask\fR)"
.br
.RI "\fICalled when a <handle_*()> method returns -1 or when the <remove_handler> method is called on an . The <close_mask> indicates which event has triggered the <handle_close> method callback on a particular <handle>.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBhandle_signal\fR (int signum, \fBsiginfo_t\fR *, \fBucontext_t\fR *)"
.br
.RI "\fICalled when object is signaled by OS (either via UNIX signals or when a Win32 object becomes signaled).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBprocess_request\fR (\fBACE_TCHAR\fR *request)"
.br
.RI "\fIHandle one request.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_SOCK_Stream\fR \fBclient_stream_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIConnection to the client (we only support one client connection at a time).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_SOCK_Acceptor\fR \fBacceptor_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIAcceptor instance.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdebug_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIKeep track of the debugging level.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsignum_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe signal used to trigger reconfiguration.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Private Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "u_short \fBDEFAULT_PORT_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault port for the Acceptor to listen on.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Provide a standard \fBACE\fR service for managing all the services configured in an .
.PP
.PP
 This implementation is simple and just handles each client request one at a time. There are currently 3 types of requests: + List services: If the string "help" is sent, return a list of all the services supported by the Service Configurator.  + Reconfigure: If the string "reconfigure" is sent trigger a reconfiguration, which will re-read the local <svc.conf> file.  + Process directive: If neither "help" nor "reconfigure" is sent, simply treat the incoming string as a process directive and pass it along to . This allows remote configuration via command-line instructions like  % echo suspend My_Remote_Service | telnet hostname 3911
.PP
Each request is associated with a new connection, which is closed when the request is processed. In addition, you must be using the singleton  in order to trigger reconfigurations. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Service_Manager::ACE_Service_Manager (void)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SS ACE_Service_Manager::~ACE_Service_Manager (void)
.PP
Destructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void ACE_Service_Manager::dump (void) const\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Dump the state of an object.
.PP
.SS virtual int ACE_Service_Manager::fini (void)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
Terminates object when dynamic unlinking occurs.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Shared_Object\fR.
.SS virtual ACE_HANDLE ACE_Service_Manager::get_handle (void) const\fC [private, virtual]\fR
.PP
Get the I/O handle. Set the I/O handle.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR.
.SS virtual int ACE_Service_Manager::handle_close (ACE_HANDLE fd, \fBACE_Reactor_Mask\fR close_mask)\fC [private, virtual]\fR
.PP
Called when a <handle_*()> method returns -1 or when the <remove_handler> method is called on an . The <close_mask> indicates which event has triggered the <handle_close> method callback on a particular <handle>.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR.
.SS virtual int ACE_Service_Manager::handle_input (ACE_HANDLE fd)\fC [private, virtual]\fR
.PP
Called when input events occur (e.g., connection or data).
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR.
.SS virtual int ACE_Service_Manager::handle_signal (int signum, \fBsiginfo_t\fR *, \fBucontext_t\fR *)\fC [private, virtual]\fR
.PP
Called when object is signaled by OS (either via UNIX signals or when a Win32 object becomes signaled).
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Event_Handler\fR.
.SS virtual int ACE_Service_Manager::info (\fBACE_TCHAR\fR ** info_string, size_t length) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
Returns information on a service object.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Shared_Object\fR.
.SS virtual int ACE_Service_Manager::init (int argc, \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * argv[])\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
Initializes object when dynamic linking occurs.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Shared_Object\fR.
.SS int ACE_Service_Manager::list_services (void)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
Determine all the services offered by this daemon and return the information back to the client.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Service_Manager::open (const \fBACE_INET_Addr\fR & sia)\fC [private]\fR
.PP
.SS void ACE_Service_Manager::process_request (\fBACE_TCHAR\fR * request)\fC [private, virtual]\fR
.PP
Handle one request.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Service_Manager::reconfigure_services (void)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
Trigger a reconfiguration of the Service Configurator by.
.PP
.SS virtual int ACE_Service_Manager::resume (void)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
Re-enable a previously suspended service.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Service_Object\fR.
.SS virtual int ACE_Service_Manager::suspend (void)\fC [protected, virtual]\fR
.PP
Temporarily disable a service without removing it completely.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBACE_Service_Object\fR.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Service_Manager::ACE_ALLOC_HOOK_DECLARE\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Declare the dynamic allocation hooks.
.PP
.SS u_short ACE_Service_Manager::DEFAULT_PORT_\fC [static, private]\fR
.PP
Default port for the Acceptor to listen on.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_SOCK_Acceptor\fR ACE_Service_Manager::acceptor_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Acceptor instance.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_SOCK_Stream\fR ACE_Service_Manager::client_stream_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Connection to the client (we only support one client connection at a time).
.PP
.SS int ACE_Service_Manager::debug_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Keep track of the debugging level.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Service_Manager::signum_\fC [private]\fR
.PP
The signal used to trigger reconfiguration.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.