.TH ACE_Proactor_Handle_Timeout_Upcall 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ACE_Proactor_Handle_Timeout_Upcall \- Functor for . 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Proactor.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Proactor_Handle_Timeout_Upcall\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtimeout\fR (\fBTIMER_QUEUE\fR &timer_queue, \fBACE_Handler\fR *handler, const void *arg, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR &cur_time)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis method is called when the timer expires.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcancellation\fR (\fBTIMER_QUEUE\fR &timer_queue, \fBACE_Handler\fR *handler)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis method is called when the timer is canceled.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdeletion\fR (\fBTIMER_QUEUE\fR &timer_queue, \fBACE_Handler\fR *handler, const void *arg)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis method is called when the timer queue is destroyed and the timer is still contained in it.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBproactor\fR (\fBACE_Proactor\fR &proactor)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the proactor. This will fail, if one is already set!\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Proactor\fR* \fBproactor_\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIHandle to the proactor. This is needed for posting a timer result to the Proactor's completion queue.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Private Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBACE_Timer_Queue_T\fR<\fBACE_Handler\fR *, ACE_Proactor_Handle_Timeout_Upcall, ACE_SYNCH_RECURSIVE_MUTEX> \fBTIMER_QUEUE\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIType def for the timer queue.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBACE_Proactor\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Functor for .
.PP
.PP
 This class implements the functor required by the Timer Queue to call <handle_timeout> on ACE_Handlers. 
.PP
.SH MEMBER TYPEDEF DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS typedef \fBACE_Timer_Queue_T\fR<\fBACE_Handler\fR *, ACE_Proactor_Handle_Timeout_Upcall, ACE_SYNCH_RECURSIVE_MUTEX> ACE_Proactor_Handle_Timeout_Upcall::TIMER_QUEUE\fC [private]\fR
.PP
Type def for the timer queue.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_Proactor_Handle_Timeout_Upcall::ACE_Proactor_Handle_Timeout_Upcall (void)
.PP
Constructor.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS int ACE_Proactor_Handle_Timeout_Upcall::cancellation (\fBTIMER_QUEUE\fR & timer_queue, \fBACE_Handler\fR * handler)
.PP
This method is called when the timer is canceled.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Proactor_Handle_Timeout_Upcall::deletion (\fBTIMER_QUEUE\fR & timer_queue, \fBACE_Handler\fR * handler, const void * arg)
.PP
This method is called when the timer queue is destroyed and the timer is still contained in it.
.PP
.SS int ACE_Proactor_Handle_Timeout_Upcall::proactor (\fBACE_Proactor\fR & proactor)\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Set the proactor. This will fail, if one is already set!
.PP
.SS int ACE_Proactor_Handle_Timeout_Upcall::timeout (\fBTIMER_QUEUE\fR & timer_queue, \fBACE_Handler\fR * handler, const void * arg, const \fBACE_Time_Value\fR & cur_time)
.PP
This method is called when the timer expires.
.PP
.SH FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS class ACE_Proactor\fC [friend]\fR
.PP
The main Proactor class has special permissions.
.PP
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_Proactor\fR * ACE_Proactor_Handle_Timeout_Upcall::proactor_\fC [protected]\fR
.PP
Handle to the proactor. This is needed for posting a timer result to the Proactor's completion queue.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.