.TH Log_Priority_h 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Log_Priority_h \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include "ace/pre.h"\fR
.br
\fC#include "ace/post.h"\fR
.br

.SS Enumerations

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBACE_Log_Priority\fR { \fBLM_SHUTDOWN\fR = 01, \fBLM_TRACE\fR = 02, \fBLM_DEBUG\fR = 04, \fBLM_INFO\fR = 010, \fBLM_NOTICE\fR = 020, \fBLM_WARNING\fR = 040, \fBLM_STARTUP\fR = 0100, \fBLM_ERROR\fR = 0200, \fBLM_CRITICAL\fR = 0400, \fBLM_ALERT\fR = 01000, \fBLM_EMERGENCY\fR = 02000, \fBLM_MAX\fR = LM_EMERGENCY, \fBLM_ENSURE_32_BITS\fR = 0x7FFFFFFF }"
.br
.RI "\fIThis data type indicates the relative priorities of the logging messages, from lowest to highest priority.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
.PP
\fBLog_Priority.h\fR,v 4.17 2001/06/29 14:41:25 schmidt Exp
.PP
\fBAuthor(s): \fR
.in +1c
 Douglas C. Schmidt <schmidt@cs.wustl.edu>
.PP
.SH ENUMERATION TYPE DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS enum ACE_Log_Priority
.PP
This data type indicates the relative priorities of the logging messages, from lowest to highest priority.
.PP
.PP
 These values are defined using powers of two so that it's possible to form a mask to turn them on or off dynamically. We only use 12 bits, however, so users are free to use the remaining 19 bits to define their own priority masks. 
.PP
\fBEnumeration values:\fR
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fILM_SHUTDOWN\fR \fRShutdown the logger (decimal 1).
.TP
\fB\fILM_TRACE\fR \fRMessages indicating function-calling sequence (decimal 2).
.TP
\fB\fILM_DEBUG\fR \fRMessages that contain information normally of use only when debugging a program (decimal 4).
.TP
\fB\fILM_INFO\fR \fRInformational messages (decimal 8).
.TP
\fB\fILM_NOTICE\fR \fRConditions that are not error conditions, but that may require special handling (decimal 16).
.TP
\fB\fILM_WARNING\fR \fRWarning messages (decimal 32).
.TP
\fB\fILM_STARTUP\fR \fRInitialize the logger (decimal 64).
.TP
\fB\fILM_ERROR\fR \fRError messages (decimal 128).
.TP
\fB\fILM_CRITICAL\fR \fRCritical conditions, such as hard device errors (decimal 256).
.TP
\fB\fILM_ALERT\fR \fRA condition that should be corrected immediately, such as a corrupted system database (decimal 512).
.TP
\fB\fILM_EMERGENCY\fR \fRA panic condition. This is normally broadcast to all users (decimal 1024).
.TP
\fB\fILM_MAX\fR \fRThe maximum logging priority.
.TP
\fB\fILM_ENSURE_32_BITS\fR \fRDo not use!! This enum value ensures that the underlying integral type for this enum is at least 32 bits.
.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.