.TH Svc_Conf_h 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Svc_Conf_h \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include "ace/pre.h"\fR
.br
\fC#include "ace/Obstack.h"\fR
.br
\fC#include "ace/Service_Config.h"\fR
.br
\fC#include "ace/Parse_Node.h"\fR
.br
\fC#include "ace/post.h"\fR
.br

.SS Compounds

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "union \fBACE_YYSTYPE\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Defines

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBACE_YY_DECL\fR  extern "C" int ace_yylex (\fBACE_YYSTYPE\fR *ace_yylval)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Functions

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBace_yy_push_buffer\fR (FILE *file)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate and push a new lexer buffer on to the buffer stack for use when scanning the given file.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBace_yy_push_buffer\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *directive)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate and push a new lexer buffer on to the buffer stack for use when scanning the given directive.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBace_yy_pop_buffer\fR (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIPop the current lexer buffer off of the buffer stack and deallocate it.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBace_yyparse\fR (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBace_yyerror\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Service_Type_Impl\fR* \fBace_create_service_type\fR (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *, int, void *, unsigned int, \fBACE_Service_Object_Exterminator\fR = 0)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Variables

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const int \fBACE_SERVICE_DIRECTIVE_STACK_DEPTH\fR = 8"
.br
.RI "\fIMaximum depth allowed when processing nested Service Configurator directives.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "FILE* \fBace_yyin\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBace_yylineno\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_TCHAR\fR* \fBace_yytext\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBace_yyleng\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBACE_Obstack_T\fR<\fBACE_TCHAR\fR>* \fBace_obstack\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
.PP
\fBSvc_Conf.h\fR,v 4.28 2001/08/01 00:00:21 othman Exp
.PP
\fBAuthor(s): \fR
.in +1c
 Doug Schmidt
.PP
.SH DEFINE DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ACE_YY_DECL  extern "C" int ace_yylex (\fBACE_YYSTYPE\fR *ace_yylval)
.PP
.SH FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBACE_Service_Type_Impl\fR* ace_create_service_type (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *, int, void *, unsigned int, \fBACE_Service_Object_Exterminator\fR = 0)
.PP
.SS void ace_yy_pop_buffer (void)
.PP
Pop the current lexer buffer off of the buffer stack and deallocate it.
.PP
.SS void ace_yy_push_buffer (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * directive)
.PP
Create and push a new lexer buffer on to the buffer stack for use when scanning the given directive.
.PP
.SS void ace_yy_push_buffer (FILE * file)
.PP
Create and push a new lexer buffer on to the buffer stack for use when scanning the given file.
.PP
.SS void ace_yyerror (const \fBACE_TCHAR\fR *)
.PP
.SS int ace_yyparse (void)
.PP
.SH VARIABLE DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS const int ACE_SERVICE_DIRECTIVE_STACK_DEPTH = 8
.PP
Maximum depth allowed when processing nested Service Configurator directives.
.PP
.SS \fBACE_Obstack_T\fR< \fBACE_TCHAR\fR >* ace_obstack
.PP
.SS FILE * ace_yyin
.PP
.SS int ace_yyleng
.PP
.SS int ace_yylineno
.PP
.SS \fBACE_TCHAR\fR * ace_yytext
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.