.TH Timeprobe_h 3 "5 Oct 2001" "ACE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Timeprobe_h \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include "ace/pre.h"\fR
.br
\fC#include "ace/OS.h"\fR
.br
\fC#include "ace/post.h"\fR
.br

.SS Defines

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBACE_TIMEPROBE_RESET\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBACE_TIMEPROBE\fR(id)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBACE_TIMEPROBE_PRINT\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBACE_TIMEPROBE_PRINT_ABSOLUTE\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBACE_TIMEPROBE_EVENT_DESCRIPTIONS\fR(descriptions, minimum_id)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBACE_FUNCTION_TIMEPROBE\fR(X)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
.PP
\fBTimeprobe.h\fR,v 4.31 2001/05/18 06:36:29 irfan Exp
.PP
\fBAuthor(s): \fR
.in +1c
 Irfan Pyarali
.PP
If users want to use time probes the ACE_COMPILE_TIMEPROBES flag must be defined when compiling \fBACE\fR. This can be achieved by doing one of the following: . Use make probe = 1 if you are using the make utility. . Define ACE_COMPILE_TIMEPROBES in config.h . Define ACE_COMPILE_TIMEPROBES in the VC project file. . Other regular methods will also work. It is not necessary to define ACE_COMPILE_TIMEPROBES when using time probes you simply need ACE_ENABLE_TIMEPROBES. You can use the ACE_TIMEPROBE_* macros to program the time probes and use the ACE_ENABLE_TIMEPROBE to enable the time probes. If you define ACE_ENABLE_TIMEPROBE in your code but forget to compile \fBACE\fR with ACE_COMPILE_TIMEPROBES you will end up with linker errors. Remember that ACE_COMPILE_TIMEPROBES means that the \fBACE\fR library will contain code for time probes. This is only useful when compiling \fBACE\fR. ACE_ENABLE_TIMEPROBES means that the ACE_TIMEPROBE_* macros should spring to life.
.PP
.SH DEFINE DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS #define ACE_FUNCTION_TIMEPROBE(X)
.PP
.SS #define ACE_TIMEPROBE(id)
.PP
.SS #define ACE_TIMEPROBE_EVENT_DESCRIPTIONS(descriptions, minimum_id)
.PP
.SS #define ACE_TIMEPROBE_PRINT
.PP
.SS #define ACE_TIMEPROBE_PRINT_ABSOLUTE
.PP
.SS #define ACE_TIMEPROBE_RESET
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ACE from the source code.