.\" $XConsortium: kbd_mode.man /main/12 1996/12/09 17:32:49 kaleb $
.\" Copyright 1987 Sun Microsystems, Inc.
.\" Copyright (c) 1993  X Consortium
.\" 
.\" Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
.\" a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
.\" "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
.\" without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
.\" distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
.\" permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
.\" the following conditions:
.\" 
.\" The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
.\" in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.\" 
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
.\" OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
.\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE X CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
.\" OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
.\" ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
.\" OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
.\" 
.\" Except as contained in this notice, the name of the X Consortium shall
.\" not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or
.\" other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization
.\" from the X Consortium.
.TH KBD_MODE 1 "Release 6.3" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
kbd_mode \- recover the Sun console keyboard
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B kbd_mode
[ -a -e -n -u ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I Kbd_mode
resets the Sun console keyboard to a rational state.
.SH OPTIONS
The following options are supported, see \fIkb(4S)\fP for details:
.TP 8
.B \-a
Causes ASCII to be reported.
.TP 8
.B \-e
Causes \fIFirm_events\fP to be reported.
.TP 8
.B \-n
Causes up/down key codes to be reported.
.TP 8
.B \-u
Causes undecoded keyboard values to be reported.
.SH SEE ALSO
kb(4S)
