.\" $XConsortium: xrefresh.man /main/17 1996/12/09 17:10:26 kaleb $
.\" Copyright (c) 1988  X Consortium
.\" 
.\" Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
.\" a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
.\" "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
.\" without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
.\" distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
.\" permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
.\" the following conditions:
.\" 
.\" The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
.\" in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.\" 
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
.\" OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
.\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE X CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
.\" OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
.\" ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
.\" OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
.\" 
.\" Except as contained in this notice, the name of the X Consortium shall
.\" not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or
.\" other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization
.\" from the X Consortium.
.TH XREFRESH 1 "Release 6.3" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
xrefresh - refresh all or part of an X screen
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "xrefresh"
[-option ...] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.I Xrefresh
is a simple X program that causes all or part of your screen to be repainted.
This is useful when system messages have messed up your screen.
.I Xrefresh
maps a window on top of the desired area of the screen and then immediately
unmaps it, 
causing refresh events to be sent to all applications.  By default,
a window with no background is used, causing all applications to repaint
``smoothly.''
However, the various options can be used to indicate that a solid background 
(of any color) or the root window background should be used instead.
.SH ARGUMENTS
.PP
.TP 10
.B \-white
Use a white background.  The screen just appears to flash quickly, and then
repaint.
.PP
.TP 10
.B \-black
Use a black background (in effect, turning off all of the electron guns to
the tube).  This can be somewhat disorienting as everything goes black for
a moment.
.PP
.TP 10
.B \-solid \fIcolor\fP
Use a solid background of the specified color.  Try green.
.PP
.TP 10
.B \-root
Use the root window background.
.PP
.TP 10
.B \-none
This is the default.  All of the windows simply repaint.
.PP
.TP 10
.B \-geometry \fIWxH+X+Y\fP
Specifies the portion of the screen to be repainted; see \fIX(1)\fP.
.PP
.TP 10
.B \-display \fIdisplay\fP
This  argument  allows  you  to  specify the server and screen to
refresh; see \fIX(1)\fP.
.SH X DEFAULTS
The
.I xrefresh
program uses the routine 
.I XGetDefault(3X)
to read defaults, so its resource names are all capitalized.
.PP
.TP 8
.B Black\fP, \fBWhite\fP, \fBSolid\fP, \fBNone\fP, \fBRoot\fP
Determines what sort of window background to use.
.PP
.TP 8
.B Geometry
Determines the area to refresh.  Not very useful.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.PP
.TP 8
DISPLAY - To get default host and display number.
.SH SEE ALSO
X(1)
.SH BUGS
.PP
It should have just one default type for the background.
.SH AUTHORS
Jim Gettys, Digital Equipment Corp., MIT Project Athena
