.TH SETXKBMAP 1 "" "Silicon Graphics"
.SH NAME
.B setxkbmap
\- set the keyboard using the X Keyboard Extension
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B setxkbmap [
.I args
.B ] [
.I layout
.B [
.I variant
.B [
.I option  ...
.B ] ] ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B setxkbmap
command maps the keyboard to use the layout determined by the options
specified on the command line.
.P
An XKB keymap is constructed from a number of components which are compiled
only as needed.  The source for all of the components can be found in
<XRoot>/lib/X11/xkb.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 8
.B \-help
Prints a message describing the valid input to \fIsetxkbmap\fP.
.TP 8
.B \-compat \fIname\fP
Specifies the name of the compatibility map component used to construct
a keyboard layout.
.TP 8
.B \-config \fIfile\fP
Specifies the name of an XKB configuration file which describes the
keyboard to be used.
.TP 8
.B \-display \fIdisplay\fP
Specifies the display to be updated with the new keyboard layout.
.TP 8
.B \-geometry \fIname\fP
Specifies the name of the geometry component used to construct
a keyboard layout.
.TP 8
.B \-keymap \fIname\fP
Specifies the name of the keymap description used to construct
a keyboard layout.
.TP 8
.B \-layout \fIname\fP
Specifies the name of the layout used to determine the components which
make up the keyboard description.  Only one layout may be specified on
the command line.
.TP 8
.B \-model \fIname\fP
Specifies the name of the keyboard model used to determine the components 
which make up the keyboard description.  Only one model may be specified
on the command line.
.TP 8
.B \-option \fIname\fP
Specifies the name of an option to determine the components which make up 
the keyboard description;  multiple options may be specified, one per
\fI-option\fP flag.
.TP 8
.B \-rules \fIfile\fP
Specifies the name of the rules file used to resolve the request layout
and model to a set of component names.
.TP 8
.B \-symbols \fIname\fP
Specifies the name of the symbols component used to construct
a keyboard layout.
.TP 8
.B \-synch
Force synchronization for X requests.
.TP 8
.B \-types \fIname\fP
Specifies the name of the types component used to construct
a keyboard layout.
.TP 8
.B \-variant \fIname\fP
Specifies which variant of the keyboard layout should be used to determine 
the components which make up the keyboard description.  Only one variant
may be specified on the command line.
.ig
.SH SEE ALSO
keyboards(1)
..
.SH FILES
.I <XRoot>/lib/X11/xkb
