.\" $XConsortium: xfindproxy.man /main/1 1996/10/14 12:44:59 mor $
.\" Copyright (c) 1996  X Consortium
.\" 
.\" Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
.\" a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
.\" "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
.\" without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
.\" distribute, sublicense, and sell copies of the Software, and to
.\" permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
.\" the following conditions:
.\" 
.\" The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
.\" in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.\" 
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
.\" OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
.\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE X CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
.\" OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
.\" ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
.\" OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
.\" 
.\" Except as contained in this notice, the name of the X Consortium shall
.\" not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or
.\" other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization
.\" from the X Consortium.
.\" 
.TH XFINDPROXY 1 "Release 6.3" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
xfindproxy - locate proxy services
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBxfindproxy\fP \fB\-manager\fP \fImanagerAddr\fP \fB\-name\fP \fIserviceName\fP \fB\-server\fP \fIserverAddr\fP [\fB\-auth\fP] [\fB\-host\fP \fIhostAddr\fP] [\fB\-options\fP \fIopts\fP]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B xfindproxy
is a program used to locate available proxy services.  It utilizes
the Proxy Management Protocol to communicate with a proxy manager.  The proxy
manager keeps track of all available proxy services, starts new proxies when
necessary, and makes sure that proxies are shared whenever possible.
.PP
The
.B \-manager
argument is required, and it specifies the network address of the
proxy manager.  The format of the address is a standard ICE network id (for
example, "tcp/blah.x.org:6500").
.PP
The
.B \-name
argument is required, and it specifies the name of the desired
proxy service (for example, "LBX").  The name is case insensitive.
.PP
The
.B \-server
argument is also required, and it specifies the address of the
target server.  The format of the address is specific to the proxy service
specified with the -name argument.  For example, for a proxy service of "LBX",
the address would be an X display address (e.g, "blah.x.org:0").
.PP
The
.B \-auth
argument is optional.  If specified, xfindproxy will read 2 lines
from standard input.  The first line is an authorization/authentication name.
The second line is the authorization/authentication data in hex format (the
same format used by xauth).  xfindproxy will pass this auth data to the proxy,
and in most cases, will be used by the proxy to authorize/authenticate itself
to the target server.
.PP
The
.B \-host
argument is optional.  If xfindproxy starts a new proxy service,
it will pass the host specified.  The proxy may choose to restrict all
connections to this host.  In the event that xfindproxy locates an already
existing proxy, the host will be passed, but the semantics of how the proxy
uses this host are undefined.
.PP
The
.B \-options
argument is optional.  If xfindproxy starts a new proxy service,
it will pass any options specified.  The semantics of the options are specific
to each proxy server and are not defined here.  In the event that xfindproxy
locates an already existing proxy, the options will be passed, but the
semantics of how the proxy uses these options are undefined.
.PP
If xfindproxy is successful in obtaining a proxy address, it will print it to
stdout.  The format of the proxy address is specific to the proxy service being
used.  For example, for a proxy service of "LBX", the proxy address would be
the X display address of the proxy (e.g, "blah.x.org:63").
.PP
If xfindproxy is unsuccessful in obtaining a proxy address, it will print an
error to stderr.
.SH SEE ALSO
proxymngr (1), Proxy Management Protocol spec V1.0
.SH AUTHOR
Ralph Mor, X Consortium
