.\" $XConsortium: fstobdf.man /main/8 1996/12/09 17:06:55 kaleb $
.\" Copyright 1990, Network Computing Devices
.\" Copyright (c) 1990  X Consortium
.\" 
.\" Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
.\" a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
.\" "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
.\" without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
.\" distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
.\" permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
.\" the following conditions:
.\" 
.\" The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
.\" in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.\" 
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
.\" OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
.\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE X CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
.\" OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
.\" ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
.\" OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
.\" 
.\" Except as contained in this notice, the name of the X Consortium shall
.\" not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or
.\" other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization
.\" from the X Consortium.
.TH FSTOBDF 1 "Release 6.3" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
fstobdf \- generate BDF font from X font server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "fstobdf"
[
.B \-server
.I server
]
.B \-fn
.I fontname
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fIfstobdf\fP program reads a font from a font server and prints a BDF
file on the standard output that may be used to recreate the font.
This is useful in testing servers, debugging font metrics, and reproducing 
lost BDF files.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 8
.B \-server \fIservername\fP
This option specifies the server from which the font should be read.
.TP 8
.B \-fn \fIfontname\fP
This option specifies the font for which a BDF file should be generated.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP 8
.B FONTSERVER
default server to use
.SH "SEE ALSO"
xfs(1), bdftopcf(1), fslsfonts(1)
.SH AUTHOR
Olaf Brandt, Network Computing Devices
.br
Dave Lemke, Network Computing Devices
.br
.sp
Jim Fulton, MIT X Consortium
