.\" $XFree86: xc/programs/Xserver/hw/xfree86/XF86_SVGA.man,v 3.42.2.5 1997/05/24 08:35:57 dawes Exp $ 
.TH XF86_SVGA 1 "Version 3.3"  "XFree86"
.SH NAME
XF86_SVGA - SVGA X Window System servers for UNIX on 
x86 platforms
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B XF86_SVGA
[:displaynumber] [ option ] ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I XF86_SVGA
is an 8-bit PseudoColor, 16-bit TrueColor and 24-bit TrueColor server for
Super-VGA cards.  It is derived from
the
.I X386
server provided with X11R5.
Note: 16-bit and 24-bit TrueColor are currently only supported for some
Cirrus, ARK, Chips & Technologies, and Trident chips, the ET6000 and some
ET4000W32 chips.
.SH CONFIGURATIONS
.PP
The
.I XF86_SVGA
server supports the following popular SuperVGA chipsets in 256 color mode.
Virtual resolutions up to (approximately) 1152x900 are supported, using (up
to) 1Mb of display memory. The Western Digital WD90C33, some of the Cirrus
chipsets, ARK, the Oak OTI087, the Chips & Technologies 65550 or 65554 and
the ET6000 support up to 2Mb of display memory and virtual resolutions of
1280x1024 and higher. Some of the Cirrus and ARK chipsets also support
16bpp, 24bpp and 32bpp (truecolor) modes on certain configurations. Some
Trident chips are supported at 16bpp. Some Chips & Technologies chipset also
support 16bpp and 24bpp (truecolor) modes. The ET6000 and some ET4000W32i or
ET4000W32p chips supports all color depths. Generic VGA cards are also
supported at 8bpp 320x200 only. The Matrox Millennium supports all color
depths.
.RS .5i
.TP 4
ATI:
18800, 18800-1, 28800-2, 28800-4, 28800-5, 28800-6, 68800-3, 68800-6, 68800AX,
68800LX, 88800GX-C, 88800GX_D, 88800GX-E, 88800GX-F, 88800CX, 264CT, 264ET,
264VT, 264VT2, 264GT
.TP 4
Tseng:
ET3000, ET4000, ET4000/W32, ET6000
.TP 4
Western Digital:
PVGA1, WD90C00, WD90C10, WD90C11, WD90C24A, WD90C30, WD90C31, WD90C33
.TP 4
Genoa:
GVGA
.TP 4
Trident:
TVGA8800CS, TVGA8900B, TVGA8900C, TVGA8900CL, TVGA9000
TVGA9000i, TVGA9100B, TVGA9200CXr, TGUI9320LCD, TGUI9400CXi, TGUI9420,
TGUI9420DGi, TGUI9430DGi, TGUI9440AGi, TGUI9660XGi, TGUI9680
.TP 4
NCR:
77C22, 77C22E
.TP 4
Cirrus Logic:
CLGD5420, CLGD5422, CLGD5424, CLGD5426, CLGD5428, CLGD5429,
CLGD5430, CLGD5434, CLGD5436, CLGD5440, CLGD5446, CLGD5462,
CLGD5464, CLGD6205, CLGD6215, CLGD6225, CLGD6235,
CL6410, CL6412, CL6420, CL6440
.TP 4
ARK:
ARK1000PV, ARK1000VL, ARK2000PV, ARK2000MT
.TP 4
RealTek:
RTG3106
.TP 4
Compaq:
AVGA
.TP 4
Oak:
OTI067, OTI077, OTI087
.TP 4
Avance Logic:
AL2101, ALI2301, ALI2302, ALI2308, ALI2401
.TP 4
Chips & Technologies:
.ig
82C451, 82C452, 82C453, 82C455, 82C456, 82C457,
..
65520, 65530, 65540, 65545, 65546, 65548, 65550, 65554

.TP 4
SiS:
SIS 86C201, 86C202, 86C205
.TP 4
MX:\ \ 
MX68000, MX68010
.TP 4
Video7:
HT216-32
.TP 4
Alliance:
AP6422
.TP 4
Matrox:
MGA2064W
.TP 4
NVidia:
NV1, STG2000
.RE
.PP
Accelerated support is included for most of the Cirrus chipsets, the Western
Digital WD90C31 and WD90C33 chipsets, the Oak OTI087 chipset, Chips &
Technologies, ARK Logic chipsets, the ET6000 and the ET4000/W32p.
Accelerated 8bpp support for the ET4000/W32 (i and p) and ET6000 is
implemented in a separate server (see
\fIXF86_W32(1)\fP). Users of boards based on ATI's Mach8, Mach32 and Mach64
chipsets should refer to the \fIXF86_Mach8(1)\fP, \fIXF86_Mach32(1)\fP and
\fIXF86_Mach64(1)\fP manual pages, respectively.
.SH OPTIONS
In addition to the normal server options described in the \fIXserver(1)\fP
manual page, \fIXF86_SVGA\fP accepts some more command line switches,
as described in the 
.I XFree86(1) 
manpage.
.SH SETUP
.I XFree86
uses a configuration file called \fBXF86Config\fP for its initial setup.  
See the 
.I XF86Config(4/5) 
manpage for general details. Here only the
.I XF86_SVGA
specific parts are explained.
.PP
This server requires a \fBScreen\fP section in the XF86Config file with
the \fBDriver\fP entry set to \fBsvga\fP.
.PP
Entries for the \fBDevice\fP section in the XF86Config file include:
.br
.ne 3i
.TP 8
.B chipset \fI"name"\fP
specifies a chipset so the correct driver can be used.  Possible chipsets
are:
.sp
.RS 1.5i
.TP 4
ATI:
ati (See README.ati for other recognized names)
.TP 4
Tseng:
et3000, et4000W32, et4000W32i, et4000W32i_rev_b, et4000W32i_rev_c,
et4000W32p, et4000W32p_rev_a, et4000W32p_rev_b, et4000W32p_rev_c,
et4000W32p_rev_d, et6000
.TP 4
Western Digital:
pvga1, wd90c00, wd90c10, wd90c24, wd90c30, wd90c31, wd90c33
.TP 4
Genoa:
gvga
.TP 4
Trident:
tvga8800cs, tvga8900b, tvga8900c, tvga8900cl, tvga9000, tvga9000i,
tvga9100b, tvga9200cxr, tgui9320lcd, tgui9400cxi, tgui9420,
tgui9420dgi, tgui9430dgi, tgui9440agi, tgui9660xgi, tgui9680
.TP 4
NCR:
ncr77c22, ncr77c22e
.TP 4
Cirrus Logic:
clgd5420, clgd5422, clgd5424, clgd5426, clgd5428, clgd5429,
clgd5430, clgd5434, clgd5436, clgd5446, clgd5462, clgd5464,
clgd6205, clgd6215, clgd6225, clgd6235,
cl6410, cl6412, cl6420, cl6440
.TP 4
RealTek:
realtek
.TP 4
ARK:
ark1000pv, ark1000vl, ark2000pv, ark2000mt
.ig
.TP 4
Compaq:
cpq_avga
..
.TP 4
OAK:
oti067, oti077, oti087
.TP 4
Avance Logic:
al2101, ali2301, ali2302, ali2308, ali2401
.TP 4
Chips & Technologies:
ct65520, ct65530, ct65540, ct65545, ct65546, ct65548, ct65550, ct65554
.TP 4
SiS:
sis86c201, sis86c202, sis86c205
.TP 4
Alliance:
AP6422
.TP 4
MX:\ \ 
mx
.TP 4
Video7:
video7
.TP 4
Matrox: (you should not need to specify this)
mga2064w
.TP 4
NVidia:
nv1, stg2000
.TP 4
Generic:
generic
.RE
.TP 8
.B Option \fI"optionstring"\fP
allows the user to select certain options provided by the drivers.  Currently 
the following strings are recognized:
.sp
\fBlegend\fP - for Sigma Legend ET4000-based boards.  This option enables
a special clock-selection algorithm used on Legend boards, and MUST be
specified for these boards to function correctly.
.sp
\fBswap_hibit\fP - for Western Digital/PVGA1 chipsets.  Some Western Digital
based boards require the high-order clock-select lead to be inverted.  It
is not possible for the server to determine this information at run-time.
If the 9th clock in the list of clocks detected by the server is less than
30Mhz, this option likely needs to be set.
.sp
\fBhibit_low\fP, \fBhibit_high\fP - for Tseng ET4000 chipsets.  With
some ET4000 cards, the server has difficulty getting the state of the
high-order clocks select bit right when started from a high-resolution text
mode.  These options allow the correct initial state of that bit to be
specified.  To find out what the correct initial state is, start the server
from an 80x25 text mode.  This option is only needed if the clocks reported
by the server when started from a high-resolution text mode differ from
those reported when it is started from an 80x25 text mode.
.sp
\fB8clocks\fP - for the PVGA1 chipset the default is 4 clocks.  Some
cards with this chipset may support 8 clocks.  Specifying this option
will allow the driver to detect and use the extra clocks.
.sp
\fB16clocks\fP - for Trident TVGA8900B and 8900C chipsets.  Some newer boards
using 8900B and 8900C chipsets actually support 16 clocks rather than the
standard 8 clocks.  Such boards will have a "TCK9002" or "TCK9004" chip
on them.  Specifying this option will allow the driver to detect and use
the extra 8 clocks.
.sp
\fBprobe_clocks\fP - for Cirrus chipsets.  The Cirrus driver has a fixed
set of clocks that are normally used.  Specifying this option will force
the driver to probe for clocks instead of reporting the built-in defaults.
This option is for debugging purposes only.
.sp
\fBhw_clocks\fP - for C&T chipsets. The Chips & Technologies driver
will by default attempt to use programmable clocks for chips that support
them. Specifying this option will force the server to use the limited number
of fixed clocks supported by the hardware.
.sp
\fBclkdiv2\fP - for all chipsets using a set of discrete clocks (i.e. not
using a programmable ClockChip or a ClockProg). With this option enabled,
the SVGA driver can also use all the clocks mentioned in the clocks line
divided by 2, presenting the server with twice as many clocks to choose
from, especially in the low- and mid-range. This is useful for creating very
low resolution modes like 320x200, because the lowest available clock on
many cards (25.175 MHz) is too high to create a standard 320x200 mode. A few
SVGA chips (S3, WD90cxx) don't support this option, causing a distorted
screen.
.sp
\fBpower_saver\fP - This option enables the server
to use the power saving features of VESA DPMS compatible monitors.
Refer to the \fIXF86Config(4/5)\fP
manual page for details of how to set the timeouts for the different levels
of operation.
.sp
\fBnoaccel\fP - for Cirrus, WD, ARK, C&T, MGA and Tseng chipsets.  This option
disables the accelerated features for the clgd542X, clgd543x, clgd5446,
clgd546X, wd90c24, wd90c31 and wd90c33, C&T, ARK, MGA and Tseng chipsets.
.sp
\fBno_pixmap_cache\fP - for any chip that uses XAA for acceleration,
which includes ARK, Cirrus, C&T, MGA, SiS, Trident 9440/9680, and Tseng
chipsets. This disables the use of a pixmap cache by XAA.
.sp
\fBxaa_no_color_exp\fP - for any chip that uses XAA for acceleration.
This option disables the use by XAA of hardware color expansion features. If
you see text rendering problems, try this.
.sp
\fBxaa_benchmarks\fP - most useful for a chip that uses XAA for
acceleration. This option makes the server perform and report the results
of benchmarks performed at start-up of XAA acceleration primitives.
.sp
\fBfifo_conservative\fP - for Cirrus chipsets 542x/3x/46/6x, oti087, and
ARK.
This option
sets the CRT
FIFO threshold to a conservative value for higher dot clocks.  This
slightly
reduces performance, but may help in eliminating problems with ``streaks''
on the screen caused by video memory bandwidth contention during BitBLT
operations
.sp
\fBfifo_aggressive\fP - for Cirrus chipsets 542x/3x/46/6x, and oti087,
and ARK.
This option sets the CRT FIFO threshold to an aggressive value.
.sp
\fBslow_dram\fP - for Cirrus chipsets 542x/3x/46, and Trident.  This option
sets the DRAM timings for slow DRAM chips.
.sp
\fBmed_dram\fP - for Cirrus chipsets 542x/3x/46 and Trident.  This option
sets the DRAM timings for medium-speed DRAM chips.
.sp
\fBfast_dram\fP - for ET4000, ET6000 and Cirrus chipsets 542x/3x/46, and
Trident. This option sets the DRAM timings for fast DRAM chips. Normally not
recommended.
.sp
\fBno_2mb_banksel\fP - for Cirrus chipsets.  This option is required for
Cirrus cards with 2MB of videoram which is in the form of 512kx8 DRAMs
(4 chips) rather than 256kx4 DRAMs (16 chips).
.sp
\fBno_bitblt\fP - for Cirrus and C&T chipsets.  This option disables use of
hardware BitBLT.
.sp
\fBno_imageblt\fP - for Cirrus and C&T chipsets.  This option disables use of
CPU-assisted BitBLT functions.
.sp
\fBmmio\fP - for Cirrus and C&T chipsets.  This option enables memory-mapped
I/O for BitBLT communication.
.sp
\fBlinear\fP - Attempt a linear mapping of the framebuffer into high
memory. Currently only supported for some Cirrus and oti087 configurations,
the ET6000, the ET4000W32p rev C and D and the ET4000W32i.
Automatically selected (and hence the option is ignored) for the clgd5462
and clgd5464, C&T, NVidia, and the ARK chipsets. This is also true for Tseng
chips, except for 8bpp modes, where this flag allows linear mapping to be
forced (it defaults to banked mode at 8bpp).
.sp
\fBnolinear\fP - Disable linear mapping. Useful for C&T, ARK and some
Cirrus chipsets.
.sp
\fBmed_dram, favour_bitblt, clgd6225_lcd, no_stretch, no_mmio\fP
- more Cirrus-specific options. Refer to
/usr/X11R6/lib/X11/doc/README.cirrus for a detailed description of Cirrus
options.
.sp
\fBext_fram_buf, use_modeline, fix_panel_size, no_stretch, lcd_center,
suspend_hack, use_18bit_bus\fP - more Chips & Technologies specific
options for use with LCD screens. Refer to <XRoot>/lib/X11/doc/README.chips
for a detailed description of these options.
.sp
\fBhw_cursor\fP - for ARK or ET6000 chipsets.  This option enables the
hardware cursor.
.sp
\fBsw_cursor\fP - for Cirrus and C&T chipsets.  This option disables the
hardware cursor.
.sp
\fBsync_on_green\fP - for Chips & Technologies 65550's and 65554's
and Matrox MGA2064W's.  This option enables the generation of a sync
on green signal.
.sp
\fBpci_retry\fP - for all accelerated Tseng chipsets. This option enables a
"bus-hold" feature on the Tseng chip that will increase accelerator
performance, but at the cost of long system bus blocking periods. This may
cause bus timeouts for some ISA DMA hardware (soundcards, floppy tape drives,
etc). Despite the name, this is not limited to PCI bus cards only.
.ig
intern_disp (use internal display for laptops -- WD90C2x)
extern_disp (use external display for laptops -- WD90C2x)
..
.TP 8
.B speedup \fI"selection"\fP
sets the selection of SpeedUps to use.  The optional selection string can
take the following values:
.sp
.in 20
.nf
none
all
.fi
.IP
If the selection string is omitted, or if the \fBspeedup\fP option is omitted,
the selection defaults to "all".
Some of the SpeedUps can only be used with the ET4000, WD90C31 and WD90C33
chipsets and
others requires a virtual resolution with a xdim of 1024.  SpeedUps that
won't work with a given configuration are automatically disabled.
.TP 8
.B nospeedup
disables the SpeedUp code.  This is equivalent to \fBspeedup "none"\fP.
.TP 8
.B Ramdac \fI"ramdac-type"\fP
This specifies the type of RAMDAC used on the board.  The ARK and
ET4000W32i/p drivers use this. Refer to the chips-specific documentation for
details.
.TP 8
.B TextClockFreq \fItxtclk\fP
For some Chips & Technologies chipsets it is impossible to determine the
clock used at the text console. The server therefore assumes that a 25.175MHz
clock is being used. This can easily be wrong and corrupt the restored text
console. This option allows the user to specify a clock that will be restored.
.PP
Note that \fIXFree86\fP has some internal capabilities to determine
what hardware
it is running on. Thus normally the keywords \fIchipset\fP, \fIclocks\fP,
and \fIvideoram\fP don't have to be specified.  But there
may be occasions when this autodetection mechanism fails, (for example, too
high of load on the machine when you start the server).  For cases like this,
one should first run \fIXF86_SVGA\fP on an unloaded machine, look at the
results of the autodetection (that are printed out during server startup)
and then explicitly specify these parameters in the configuration file.
\fBIt is recommended that all parameters, especially Clock values,
be specified in the XF86Config file.\fP
.SH FILES
.TP 30
<XRoot>/bin/XF86_SVGA
The SVGA color X server
.TP 30
/etc/XF86Config
Server configuration file
.TP 30
<XRoot>/lib/X11/XF86Config
Server configuration file
.TP 30
<XRoot>/lib/X11/doc/README.ark
Extra documentation for the ARK driver
.TP 30
<XRoot>/lib/X11/doc/README.ati
Extra documentation for the ATI vgawonder driver
.TP 30
<XRoot>/lib/X11/doc/README.chips
Extra documentation for the Chips & Technologies driver
.TP 30
<XRoot>/lib/X11/doc/README.cirrus
Extra documentation for the Cirrus driver
.TP 30
<XRoot>/lib/X11/doc/README.MGA
Extra documentation for the Matrox MGA driver
.TP 30
<XRoot>/lib/X11/doc/README.trident
Extra documentation for the Trident driver
.TP 30
<XRoot>/lib/X11/doc/README.tseng
Extra documentation for the ET4000 and ET3000 drivers
.TP 30
<XRoot>/lib/X11/doc/README.Oak
Extra documentation for the Oak driver
.TP 30
<XRoot>/lib/X11/doc/README.Video7
Extra documentation for the Video7 driver
.TP 30
<XRoot>/lib/X11/doc/README.WstDig
Extra documentation for the WD/PVGA driver
.LP
Note: <XRoot> refers to the root of the X11 install tree.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
X(1), Xserver(1), XFree86(1), XF86Config(4/5), xf86config(1), XF86Setup(1),
xvidtune(1), xdm(1), xinit(1)
.SH BUGS
.PP
Bug reports are welcome, and should be emailed
to the address listed below.
.SH CONTACT INFO
\fIXFree86\fP source is available from the FTP server
\fIftp.XFree86.org\fP.  Send email to
\fIXFree86@XFree86.org\fP for details.
.SH AUTHORS
.PP
Refer to the
.I XFree86(1)
manual page.
.\" $XConsortium: XF86_SVGA.man /main/20 1996/12/09 17:33:14 kaleb $
