.\" $XFree86: xc/programs/Xserver/hw/xfree86/XF86_VGA16.man,v 3.22.2.1 1997/05/21 15:02:22 dawes Exp $
.TH XF86_VGA16 1 "Version 3.3"  "XFree86"
.SH NAME
XF86_VGA16 - 4 bit non-accelerated X Window System server for UNIX on
x86 platforms
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B XF86_VGA16
[:displaynumber] [ option ] ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I XF86_VGA16
is a 4-bit color server for VGA cards.  The default root visual for this
server is StaticColor.  It also includes support for
the non-VGA monochrome cards described in the \fIXF86_Mono(1)\fP manual
page.  It may be run in a dual-headed configuration.
.PP
.SH CONFIGURATIONS
.PP
The
.I XF86_VGA16
server supports the following popular SVGA chipsets in 16-colour mode.
.RS .5i
.TP 4
ATI:
18800, 18800-1, 28800-2, 28800-4, 28800-5, 28800-6, 68800-3, 68800-6, 68800AX,
68800LX, 88800GX-C, 88800GX-D, 88800GX-E, 88800GX-F, 88800CX, 264CT, 264ET,
264VT, 264VT2, 264GT
.TP 4
Tseng:
ET4000
.TP 4
Trident:
TVGA8800CS, TVGA8900B, TVGA8900C, TVGA8900CL, TVGA9000
.TP 4
Cirrus:
CL6410, CL6412, CL6420, CL6440
.TP 4
Oak:
OTI067, OTI077, OTI087
.RE
.PP
Additionally it
supports generic VGA cards.
.PP
.I XF86_VGA16
does not support the accelerated functions of the supported chipsets.
.SH OPTIONS
In addition to the normal server options described in the \fIXserver(1)\fP
manual page, \fIXF86_VGA16\fP accepts some more command line switches,
as described in the 
.I XFree86(1) 
manpage.
.SH SETUP
.I XFree86
uses a configuration file called \fBXF86Config\fP for its initial setup.  
See the 
.I XF86Config(4/5) 
manpage for general details. Here only the
.I XF86_VGA16
specific parts are explained.
.PP
The \fBDriver\fP entry in the \fBScreen\fP section of the XF86Config file
should be set to \fBvga16\fP.  To run in dual-headed configuration, there
should also be a \fBScreen\fP section with the \fBDriver\fP entry set to
\fBmono\fP.
.PP
Entries for the \fBDevice\fP section in the XF86Config file include:
.br
.ne 3i
.TP 8
.B chipset \fI"name"\fP
specifies a chipset so the correct driver can be used.  Possible chipsets
are:
.sp
.RS 1.5i
.TP 4
ATI:
ati (see README.ati for additional recoginzed names)
.TP 4
Tseng:
et4000, et4000w32, et4000w32i, et4000w32p
.TP 4
Trident:
tvga8800cs, tvga8900b, tvga8900c, tvga8900cl, tvga9000
.TP 4
Cirrus:
cl6410, cl6412, cl6420, cl6440
.TP 4
Oak:
oti067, oti077, oti087
.TP 4
Generic VGA:
generic 
.RE
.TP 8
.B Option \fI"optionstring"\fP
allows the user to select certain options provided by the drivers.  Currently 
the following strings are recognized:
.sp
\fBlegend\fP - for Sigma Legend ET4000-based boards.  This option enables
a special clock-selection algorithm used on Legend boards, and MUST be
specified for these boards to function correctly.
.ig
.sp
\fBswap_hibit\fP - for Western Digital/PVGA1 chipsets.  Some Western Digital
based boards require the high-order clock-select lead to be inverted.  It
is not possible for the server to determine this information at run-time.
If the 9th clock in the list of clocks detected by the server is less than
30Mhz, this option likely needs to be set.
..
.sp
\fBhibit_low\fP, \fBhibit_high\fP - for Tseng ET4000 chipsets.  With
some ET4000 cards, the server has difficulty getting the state of the
high-order clocks select bit right when started from a high-resolution text
mode.  These options allow the correct initial state of that bit to be
specified.  To find out what the correct initial state is, start the server
from an 80x25 text mode.  This option is only needed if the clocks reported
by the server when started from a high-resolution text mode differ from
those reported when it is started from an 80x25 text mode.
.sp
\fBclkdiv2\fP - for all chipsets using a set of discrete clocks (i.e. not
using a programmable ClockChip or a ClockProg). With this option enabled,
the VGA driver can also use all the clocks mentionned in the clocks line
divided by 2, presenting the server with twice as many clocks to choose
from, especially in the low- and mid-range. This is useful for creating very
low resolution modes like 320x200, because the lowest available clock on
many cards (25.175 MHz) is too high to create a standard 320x200 mode. A few
VGA chips don't support this option, causing a distorted screen.
.ig
.sp
\fB8clocks\fP - for the PVGA1 chipset the default is 4 clocks.  Some
cards with this chipset may support 8 clocks.  Specifying this option
will allow the driver to detect and use the extra clocks.
.sp
\fB16clocks\fP - for Trident TVGA8900B and 8900C chipsets.  Some newer boards
using 8900B and 8900C chipsets actually support 16 clocks rather than the
standard 8 clocks.  Such boards will have a "TCK9002" or "TCK9004" chip
on them.  Specifying this option will allow the driver to detect and use
the extra 8 clocks.
..
.sp
\fBpower_saver\fP - This option enables the server
to use the power saving features of VESA DPMS compatible monitors.
The suspend level is currently not supported.
Refer to the \fIXF86Config(4/5)\fP
manual page for details of how to set the timeouts for the different levels
of operation.  This option is experimental.
.ig
intern_disp (use internal display for laptops -- WD90C2x)
extern_disp (use external display for laptops -- WD90C2x)
..
.PP
Note that \fIXFree86\fP has some internal capabilities to determine
what hardware
it is running on. Thus normally the keywords \fIchipset\fP, \fIclocks\fP,
and \fIvideoram\fP don't have to be specified.  But there
may be occasions when this autodetection mechanism fails, (for example, too
high of load on the machine when you start the server).  For cases like this,
one should first run \fIXF86_VGA16\fP on an unloaded machine, look at the
results of the autodetection (that are printed out during server startup)
and then explicitly specify these parameters in the configuration file.
\fBIt is recommended that all parameters, especially Clock values,
be specified in the XF86Config file.\fP
.SH FILES
.TP 30
<XRoot>/bin/XF86_VGA16
The 16 colour X server
.TP 30
/etc/XF86Config
Server configuration file
.TP 30
<XRoot>/lib/X11/XF86Config
Server configuration file
.LP
Note: <XRoot> refers to the root of the X11 install tree.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
X(1), Xserver(1), XFree86(1), XF86Config(4/5), XF86_Mono(1), xf86config(1),
xvidtune(1), xdm(1), xinit(1)
.SH CONTACT INFO
\fIXFree86\fP source is available from the FTP server
\fIftp.XFree86.org\fP.  Send email to
\fIXFree86@XFree86.org\fP for details.
.SH AUTHORS
.PP
The primary developer of this server is
.PP
Gertjan Akkerman,  \fIakkerman@dutiba.twi.tudelft.nl\fP
.PP
See also the
.I XFree86(1)
manual page.
.\" $XConsortium: XF86_VGA16.man /main/14 1996/12/09 17:33:18 kaleb $
