.\" $XConsortium: appres.man /main/14 1996/12/09 17:06:25 kaleb $
.\" Copyright (c) 1993, 1994  X Consortium
.\" 
.\" Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
.\" a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
.\" "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
.\" without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
.\" distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
.\" permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
.\" the following conditions:
.\" 
.\" The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
.\" in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.\" 
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
.\" OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
.\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE X CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
.\" OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
.\" ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
.\" OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
.\" 
.\" Except as contained in this notice, the name of the X Consortium shall
.\" not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or
.\" other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization
.\" from the X Consortium.
.TH APPRES 1 "Release 6.3" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
appres \- list X application resource database
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "appres"
[[class [instance]] [\-1] [toolkitoptions] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The \fIappres\fP program prints the resources seen by an application
(or subhierarchy of an application) with the specified \fIclass\fP and
\fIinstance\fP names.  It can be used to determine which
resources a particular program will load.  For example,
.sp 1
.in +.5i
.nf
% appres  XTerm
.fi
.in -.5i
.sp 1
will list the resources that any \fIxterm\fP program will load.
If no application class is specified, the class \fI-AppResTest-\fP is used.
.PP
To match a particular instance name, specify an instance name
explicitly after the class name, or use the normal Xt toolkit option.
For example,
.sp 1
.in +.5i
.nf
% appres  XTerm  myxterm
.fi
.in -.5i
or
.in +.5i
.nf
% appres  XTerm  \-name  myxterm
.fi
.in -.5i
.PP
To list resources that match a subhierarchy of an application, specify
hierarchical class and instance names.  The number of class and instance
components must be equal, and the instance name should not be
specified with a toolkit option.  For example,
.sp 1
.in +.5i
.nf
% appres  Xman.TopLevelShell.Form  xman.topBox.form
.fi
.in -.5i
.sp 1
will list the resources of widgets of \fIxman\fP topBox hierarchy.
To list just the resources matching a specific level in the hierarcy,
use the \-1 option.  For example,
.sp 1
.in +.5i
.nf
% appres  XTerm.VT100  xterm.vt100  \-1
.fi
.in -.5i
.sp 1
will list the resources matching the \fIxterm\fP vt100 widget.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
X(1), xrdb(1), listres(1)
.SH AUTHOR
Jim Fulton, MIT X Consortium
