.\" $XConsortium: XF68_FBDev.man /main/2 1996/12/09 17:32:57 kaleb $
.\" $XFree86: xc/programs/Xserver/hw/xfree68/XF68_FBDev.man,v 3.4.2.1 1997/05/16 11:35:05 hohndel Exp $
.TH XF68_FBDev 1 "Version 3.2A"  "XFree86"
.SH NAME
XF68_FBDev - X Window System server for the Linux/m68k Frame Buffer Device
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B XF68_FBDev
[:displaynumber] [ option ] ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I XF68_FBDev
is a generic server for a Linux/m68k Frame Buffer Device. It contains
all available drivers (mfb, ipl2p2, ipl2p4, ipl2p8, ilbm, afb and cfb).
.PP
The servers use the \fB/dev/fb*\fP special device nodes for connection to the
hardware. The \fB/dev/fb*\fP node to use can be set via an environment
variable or if this is absent, \fB/dev/fb0current\fP is used.
.SH CONFIGURATIONS
.PP
The servers currently support the following pixel formats:
.RS .5i
.TP 4
mfb:
Monochrome,
.TP 4
ipl2p{2|4|8}:
Interleaved planes with 2 bytes interleave and 2, 4 or 8 planes (Atari),
.TP 4
ilbm:
Interleaved bitplanes (Amiga),
.TP 4
afb:
Normal bitplanes (Amiga),
.TP 4
cfb:
Packed Pixels with 8 Bits per Pixel.
.SH OPTIONS
In addition to the normal server options described in the \fIXserver(1)\fP
manual page, \fIXF68_FBDev\fP accept some more command line switches, as
described in the 
.I XFree86(1) 
manpage.
.SH SETUP
.I XFree86
uses a configuration file called \fBXF86Config\fP for its initial setup.
See the
.I XF86Config(4/5)
manpage for general details. Here only the
.I XF68_FBDev
specific parts are explained.
.PP
Normally the X server will use videomodes as defined in the \fBModes\fP
section, unless you specify the special videomode `\fBdefault\fP'. In that case
the X server will use the video mode that is associated with the used
framebuffer device node, and mode switching will be disabled.
.PP
The environment variable \fBFRAMEBUFFER\fP holds the filename for the
framebuffer to use. If it isn't set, /dev/fb0current is used as default.
/dev/ should contain at least the following file:
(major and minor number in parentheses)
.TP 4
fb0current (29,0): The current resolution
.SH FILES
.TP 30
<XRoot>/bin/XF68_FBDev
The X server for a generic Linux/m68k Frame Buffer Device
.TP 30
/etc/XF86Config
Server configuration file
.TP 30
<XRoot>/lib/X11/XF86Config
Server configuration file (secondary location)
.TP 30
/dev/fb*
The files which represents framebuffers and their resolutions
.TP 30
<XRoot>/lib/X11/doc/README.fbdev
Extra documentation about the Frame Buffer Device
.LP
Note: <XRoot> refers to the root of the X11 install tree.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
X(1), Xserver(1), XFree86(1), XF86Config(4/5), xf86config(1), xdm(1), xinit(1),
fbset(8)
.LP
Note: <linux> refers to the location of the Linux source tree.
.SH AUTHORS
.PP
In addition to the authors of \fIXFree86\fP the following people contributed
major work to this server:
.PP
.nf
Martin Schaller
.fi
.RS 8
Developed the concept of the Linux/m68k Frame Buffer Device and wrote the
support for Atari (Please no mail > 16000 bytes to this address).
.RE
.PP
.nf
Geert Uytterhoeven, \fIGeert.Uytterhoeven@cs.kuleuven.ac.be\fP
.fi
.RS 8
Wrote the support for Amiga and created the generic server.
.RE
.PP
.nf
Martin Schaller
Geert Uytterhoeven, \fIGeert.Uytterhoeven@cs.kuleuven.ac.be\fP
Andreas Schwab,     \fIschwab@issan.informatik.uni-dortmund.de\fP
Guenther Kelleter,  \fIguenther@Pool.Informatik.RWTH-Aachen.de\fP
.fi
.RS 8
Development and improvement of the frame buffer device specific code.
.RE
.PP
.nf
Gary Henderson      \fIgary@daniver.demon.co.uk\fP
.fi
.RS 8
Wrote Xdaniver, on which afb is based and from which ilbm is derived.
.RE
.PP
See also the
.I XFree86(1)
manual page.
.SH BUGS
.PP
The support for visuals other than monochrome and pseudo color is incomplete.
.sp
The drivers for interleaved and normal planes are slow.
.sp
The ilbm code has problems with chunky-to-planar conversions.
.SH CONTACT INFO
\fIXFree86\fP source is available from the FTP server \fIftp.XFree86.org\fP.
Send email to \fIXFree86@XFree86.org\fP for details.
.PP
Xdaniver is Copyright (c) 1995 by Daniver Limited.
