.\" $XConsortium: Xhp.man /main/4 1996/12/09 17:32:35 kaleb $
.\" Copyright (c) 1994  Hewlett-Packard Company
.\" Copyright (c) 1994  X Consortium
.\" 
.\" Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
.\" copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), 
.\" to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation 
.\" the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, 
.\" and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the 
.\" Software furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
.\" 
.\" The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
.\" all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.\" 
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
.\" IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL 
.\" THE X CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, 
.\" WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF 
.\" OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE 
.\" SOFTWARE.
.\" 
.\" Except as contained in this notice, the name of the X Consortium shall not 
.\" be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other 
.\" dealing in this Software without prior written authorization from the 
.\" X Consortium.
.\"
.\" HEWLETT-PACKARD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFWARE, 
.\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY 
.\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  Hewlett-Packard shall not be liable 
.\" for errors contained herein or direct, indirect, special, incidental or
.\" consequential damages in connection with the furnishing, performance, or 
.\" use of this material.
.TH Xhp 1 "Release 6.3" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
Xhp \- cfb-based X window system server for Hewlett-Packard workstations
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
This cfb-based X server implementation is contributed by Hewlett-Packard
as a sample implementation for HP workstations.  Its performance on HP
workstations will be inferior to the product X servers available from
Hewlett-Packard.  Not all graphics display devices available from 
Hewlett-Packard are supported by this implementation.
.PP
.SH "SUPPORTED GRAPHICS DEVICES"
.PP
Please refer to the HP catalog or to the apropriate data sheets
for the displays.  The data that follows relates the use of the 
product names with their official HP product numbers.
.PP
The following graphics display devices are supported by this implementation:
.sp
.TP
.I HPA4070A
This graphics device, known as "HCRX", is a 1280x1024 color device that has 
8 planes.
.TP
.I HPA4071A
This graphics device, known as "HCRX24", is a 1280x1024 color device that has
24 planes.  It is optionally available with a hardware accelerator, in which
case the product number is HPA4071A_Z.
.TP
.I HPA1659A
This graphics device, known as "CRX", is a 1280x1024 color device that has 
8 planes.
.TP
.I HPA1439A
This graphics device, known as "CRX24", is a 1280x1024 color device that has
24 planes.  It is optionally available with a hardware accelerator.
.TP
.I HPA1924A
This graphics device, known as "GRX" is a 1280x1024 grayscale device that has
8 planes.
.TP
.I HPA2269A
This graphics device, known as "Dual CRX" is a 1280x1024 color device that has
8 planes.  It implements support for two displays on a single graphics card.
.TP
.I HP710C
This graphics device is the internal graphics support optionally available on 
the HP9000s710 SPU.  It supports 1280x1024 color displays and has 8 planes.
.TP
.I HP710G
This graphics device is the internal graphics support optionally available on 
the HP9000s710 SPU.  It supports 1280x1024 grayscale displays and has 8 planes.
.TP
.I HP710L
This graphics device is the internal graphics support optionally available on 
the HP9000s710 SPU.  It supports 1024x768 color displays and has 8 planes.
.TP
.I HP712
This graphics device is the internal graphics support available on 
the HP9000s712 SPU.  It supports 640x480, 1024x768 or 1280x1024 color displays 
and has 8 planes.
.PP
.SH "MULTIPLE SCREEN SUPPORT"
.PP
This Xhp X11 sample server supports multiple physical screens connected to a 
single X server.  To use this feature, you must have an SPU that allows
the installation of  a second graphics display card.  The file 
$(LIBDIR)/X*screens is read by the X11 server 
to determine information about the system screen configuration.
You must modify this file to add information for the second graphics display.
.sp
$(LIBDIR) is /usr/X11R6/lib/X11 by default.
.sp
For a complete description of the X*screens file, refer to the HP-UX manuals, 
or view the sample file in $(LIBDIR).
.SH "24 PLANE SUPPORT FOR HCRX24 AND CRX24"
.PP
This Xhp X11 sample server supports two modes for the HCRX24 and CRX24 display
hardware:  8 plane and 24 plane, with 8 plane being the default.
To run the server in 24 plane mode, you must add a depth parameter to
the X*screens file.  For example:
.sp
/dev/crt  depth 24
.sp
.PP
In depth 24 mode, the default visual type is DirectColor.
.PP
.SH "KEYMAP FILE"
.PP
This Xhp server loads a keymap that is appropriate for the attached keyboard 
from the XHPKeymaps file, which resides in $(LIBDIR).  The XHPKeymaps file
supplied with this Xhp server is a minimal file that supports US English, 
French, Spanish, German, and Japanese JIS keyboards.  If you have some other 
keyboard, the appropriate keymap may not be contained in the XHPKeymaps file.  
In this case, if you have access to the Hewlett-Packard product X server, you 
can copy its keymap file (found in /usr/lib/X11/XHPKeymaps) to $(LIBDIR).
.SH "FAST SCROLLING OPTION"
.PP
Since scrolling speed is especially slow on this server compared
to HP's product server, we have supplied fast scrolling support,
using a .o to link into the server.  Using HP's fast scrolling
is optional.  To enable the fast scrolling, set the token
"HPFastScrolling" to TRUE in the config/hp.cf file.  If you want
to use the CFB scrolling module, simply remove the define in
config/hp.cf, remake the Makefiles, and recompile.
.SH TRADEMARKS
.PP
X Window System is a trademark of X Consortium, Inc.
