.\" $XConsortium: xdpyinfo.man /main/20 1996/12/09 17:08:50 kaleb $
.\" $XFree86: xc/programs/xdpyinfo/xdpyinfo.man,v 3.1 1996/12/23 07:11:08 dawes Exp $
.\" Copyright (c) 1988, 1989, 1994  X Consortium
.\" 
.\" Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
.\" a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
.\" "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
.\" without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
.\" distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
.\" permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
.\" the following conditions:
.\" 
.\" The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
.\" in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.\" 
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
.\" OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
.\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE X CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
.\" OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
.\" ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
.\" OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
.\" 
.\" Except as contained in this notice, the name of the X Consortium shall
.\" not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or
.\" other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization
.\" from the X Consortium.
.TH XDPYINFO 1 "Release 6.3" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
xdpyinfo \- display information utility for X
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "xdpyinfo"
[\-display \fIdisplayname\fP]
[\-queryExtensions]
[\-ext \fIextension-name\fP]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.I Xdpyinfo
is a utility for displaying information about an X server.  It is used to 
examine the
capabilities of a server, the predefined values for various parameters used
in communicating between clients and the server, and the different types of
screens and visuals that are available.
.PP
By default, numeric information (opcode, base event, base error) about
protocol extensions is not displayed.  This information can be obtained
with the \fB\-queryExtensions\fP option.  Use of this option on servers
that dynamically load extensions will likely cause all possible extensions
to be loaded, which can be slow and can consume significant server resources.
.PP
Detailed information about a particular extension is displayed with the
\fB\-ext\fP \fIextensionName\fP option.  If \fIextensionName\fP is
\fBall\fP, information about all extensions supported by both \fIxdpyinfo\fP
and the server is displayed.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.PP
.TP 8
.B DISPLAY
To get the default host, display number, and screen.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
X(1), xwininfo(1), xprop(1), xrdb(1)
.SH AUTHOR
Jim Fulton, MIT X Consortium
.br
Support for the XFree86-VidModeExtension, XFree86-DGA, XFree86-Misc,
and XKB extensions added by Joe Moss
